OTU_ID	Kingdom	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus	Species
denovo17785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo311149	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo465246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo287619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo233852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo287616	Fungi
denovo465249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo311147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ericae
denovo287612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo126934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo5133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo367092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo234088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
denovo84066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo41471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo41477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillaceae
denovo68895	Fungi
denovo41479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo419193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo367099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo60981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo35422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo160210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo113374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo113371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo35428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo35429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo58974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo380350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Rhizochaete
denovo237190	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo446607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo56761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo68769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo427919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo466930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Tulasnellaceae
denovo1772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo403168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo494897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo69884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo460566	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo460560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo145714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo176656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo281722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo61584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo147201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo229214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo229213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo438036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo388839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo36738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo385809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo436509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo277171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo142944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo223477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo223479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo223478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo35288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo390801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo390800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo149142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo69382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo390804	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo171912	Fungi
denovo149147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo235848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo70560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo38254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo122132	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo479942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo480752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo475614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo475615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo414380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo248414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo51169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo51168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo59314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo208247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo356283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo208248	Fungi
denovo66008	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo465939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo8441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo465934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo144040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo144041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo144046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo24308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena amabilissima
denovo24303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo108037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo24307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo24306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo169151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo163176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo458203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo163178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo247765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo439859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo224127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo493810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo278913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo306178	Fungi
denovo278911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo137877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo348979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo341457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo491414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo337520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo406313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo147661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo346486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo346484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo143718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo54530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo450165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo172753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo172751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo172754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo267407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo267400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo43204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Peltigerales	Peltigeraceae	Peltigera	Peltigeraceae
denovo484860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo10303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo199992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo413256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo50348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo377636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo174753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo50345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo66913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo66917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo58195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora	Acarospora austroshetlandica
denovo58199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo66919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo394611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo450855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo96651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo96656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo357627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae
denovo255601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo15206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo15207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo350935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo15208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo15209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo350933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo407046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo146537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo454952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo299657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo407048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Leratiomyces erythrocephalus
denovo342814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo342811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo471094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo132962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo173404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo26273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium
denovo142449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo26271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo325931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo141623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo325932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo197847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo325937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Botrytis porri
denovo197848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo463485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo348222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo464659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo131700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaeta
denovo140978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo4004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo139550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo301259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo340416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo57378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo77872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo310379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo310378	Fungi
denovo57372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Johnalcornia	Johnalcornia aberrans
denovo18248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo197591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo18247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo463151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Clitocybe
denovo212259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo255850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo170278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo212256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo255858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo410637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo171587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo162582	Fungi
denovo171589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo66617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo252497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo81150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo217579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo481287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo81158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo170189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo37367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo288397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo288398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo170184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo468791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo398611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo398619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo265637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Protomycetaceae	Protomyces	Protomyces inouyei
denovo268744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo484508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Neobulgaria
denovo268743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo323832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo351713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo396500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Unguiculariopsis
denovo323837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo351714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo316439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo288641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo197336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo288642	Fungi
denovo311420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo197333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo137016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo459741	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo56024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo482487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo56022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera crocea
denovo133703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo94407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo290261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella tricincta
denovo42217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo386839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo133708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo248331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo479186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo242079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Atheliaceae
denovo479187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo28361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo293794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo296310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo191650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo222462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo296315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo296317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo44907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo183163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo365823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo114391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo86175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo212929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo78461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo114399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo295562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo179003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo55610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo171638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo372510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo318027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo272930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo168583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo171631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo171630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo171633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo171636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo254432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo254431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo72202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo269831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo450072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo74057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo366820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo46462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo448244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo448243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo130180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo289510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo140020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo140021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo77782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo225608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo203896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo85339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo353714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo353717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo107797	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo108779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo108772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo108773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Helgardia	Helgardia anguioides
denovo245686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo326519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma
denovo194680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo223732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo69990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo326515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo16792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo215327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo215321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo101568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo6519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo215329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo390611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo315421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo315422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo315425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo433455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo315427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo315428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo293240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo395221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo136869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo293244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
denovo293247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo192684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo402334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo192689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo194971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo178846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo188561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo194975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo178842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo250392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo464181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ciliifera
denovo188569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo250397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo395882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo245860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo445247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo245866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Dacrymyces	Dacrymyces minutus
denovo395884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo115516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo253847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo253841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo376229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo299059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo376227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo161329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo274052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo201635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo274050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo297890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo297897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo445793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo36732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Gs27	Gs27
denovo206945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo180685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo11222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo385804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo11227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo330321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36737	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo82545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo11229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo100210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo84264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales
denovo106110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo274586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo274581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo367258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo406059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo406057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo328342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo103542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo284727	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo495712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo283112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo151869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo116098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo214143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo407908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo495412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo309289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo387970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo309280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo309286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo487215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo377578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo160054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo206368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo126487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo3078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo103897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo242848	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiales_incertae_sedis
denovo277173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo242841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo150883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo446265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo180492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo443080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo443082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas cyathoideum
denovo75524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo436503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales
denovo75521	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo187644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo74699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo74692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo444534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo86788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo336589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo474501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo113608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo118727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo118724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo431995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo69387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo430028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo269063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetidae	Lecanorales	Cladoniaceae
denovo285450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo277774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo287969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo235845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo219276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo63985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo336051	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo203468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo63023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo203460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo320805	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo156848	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo445132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo259257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes
denovo285180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo45220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Acephala
denovo45226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo419452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Cystofilobasidiales
denovo45224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo466233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo302875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo302873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo302870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraphoma chrysanthemicola
denovo466239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia flanaganii
denovo302878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo245002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo451200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo245008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo431165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo281608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo477854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo473578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo477851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo426512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo119456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo257952	Fungi
denovo459310	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo459316	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo458045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo458046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium halotolerans
denovo375227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo203280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo378657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo207902	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulosporaceae
denovo207907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo487044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Parastagonospora	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo404312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo327916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo119189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo373688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Trichaptum	Trichaptum	Trichaptum laricinum
denovo332777	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo492303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo492305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo138938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo332770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo138935	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo138930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Ramariopsis
denovo338510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo337721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo488961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo271341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo271345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo383504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo151001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo151004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetidae	Lecidea	Lecidea andersonii
denovo479949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo48810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo48533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Petrakia	Petrakia irregularis
denovo303471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo387216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo303473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo303477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo387218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo126300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo347446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo126308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo403811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo370080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo120225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo120229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo304846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo128413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo49571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo401520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo453613	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo197971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo236782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo43319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo15048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo462447	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo462446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo4246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo370337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo370331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo413982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo465268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo125764	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Thelephoraceae
denovo364193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo306564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo339644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo424823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo375577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo420118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo488663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo335766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo479094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo60617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Trypetheliales	Trypetheliaceae	Trypethelium	Trypethelium eluteriae
denovo85900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo230368	Fungi
denovo37894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Flagelloscypha	Marasmiaceae
denovo37897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo3999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
denovo230363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo337892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo227949	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo227948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo364225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo429479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
denovo127948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo139715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo127947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo87218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo21971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo21970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo135668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo40669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo467675	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo467677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo361409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo60350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo14794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo40666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo345152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo385104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo301725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo259603	Fungi
denovo229538	Fungi
denovo305032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo305030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo305034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo221040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo59904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo59902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo221044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo66004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo13072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
denovo421242	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo265031	Fungi	Calcarisporiellomycota	Calcarisporiellomycetes	Calcarisporiellales	Calcarisporiellaceae	Calcarisporiella
denovo265030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo266759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo451504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo12304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylomelasma	Incertae_sedis	Xylomelasma
denovo358377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo367756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo210016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo133546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria etheridgei
denovo22405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Minutisphaerales	Minutisphaeraceae	Minutisphaera	Minutisphaera japonica
denovo234126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo234124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo28165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo143939	Fungi
denovo222668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo28161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo28162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo222666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo226711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo24806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo494443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo39001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Limonomyces	Limonomyces culmigenus
denovo439556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo485124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo307760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo29150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo36962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo437068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo152339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena oregonensis
denovo36968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo437066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo215864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo492840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo59465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo250726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Auriscalpium	Auriscalpium vulgare
denovo454565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo15820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo304077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo483517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Crepidotus	Crepidotus calolepis
denovo216685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo118443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo60627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo29695	Fungi
denovo29697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo223530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo29691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo272080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo272081	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo29699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Mycoacia	Meruliaceae
denovo16551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo227445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo227441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo16557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo227443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo69028	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo224621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo158327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo109559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo158322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo321404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo270821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo270826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo270827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales incertae sedis
denovo48319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo225970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo108207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo159051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo108203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo225979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo484984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo484985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo484986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo24117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo39911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo39916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo188761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo272557	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo413997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo413995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo413994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo436337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo385899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo469856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo1250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo77558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo1259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo148116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo34525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo319206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo319200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo319202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo34523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo57944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo376028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo57941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo90650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo55895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo51735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo166088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo130158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo173306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo305856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo305857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo305858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo173309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo166086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo437940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo224088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo11020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo11021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo200832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo446445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo67140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo67146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo67148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo58985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo166555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo152601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo166558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo147580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo176879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo478103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pseudiridis
denovo233572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo97736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo356745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo143694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium
denovo214301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo278703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo192338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo25441	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo278706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo288983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo325872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo350746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo350743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo341645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo247269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo174655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo174656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo295345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo148807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo174652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo174653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo395574	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo56300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo432134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo348923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo253396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum	Microbotryaceae
denovo348921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo348920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo296923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo296922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo456145	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo25994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo44374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae
denovo49792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo56303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo472176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo462162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo57491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo462165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo400921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo400927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo444332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo444330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo467536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo56720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo91926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo240606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo389165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo341451	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Crepidotus	Crepidotus subverrucisporus
denovo168016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo168018	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo225020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo180300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo225023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo491418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo213339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo10041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo261016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo417698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo406311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo13538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
denovo427623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo74900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo13530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo13534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo265772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo265773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo389407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo390389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo395152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo153266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo153264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo153265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo390387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo153261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo182133	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo407653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo102921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo57237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo136248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo484202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo369792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo354243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo419698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paracamarosporium	Paracamarosporium fagi
denovo392727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo322240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo398406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo389789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo150516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo150518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo389780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo154600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo324831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Hypocreales
denovo190400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo298194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo245647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo390657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo245648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo190408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliomycetidae	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo412809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo249768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo412800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo241559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo252516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo252514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo495450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo475927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo187335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo187337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo58987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo290431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo90692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo402503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo410405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo451269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo410408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo451263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo404350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella
denovo117837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo463440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Dacrymyces	Dacrymyces minutus
denovo84997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo404359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo178567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo178565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo489243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo17095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo17090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo86874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo17099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo485553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo203914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo203915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Flammulina	Marasmiaceae
denovo176091	Fungi
denovo176093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo176098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo327568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo151647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo81479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo327567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo222340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo259646	Fungi
denovo327562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo81471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo90916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo90914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Setomelanomma holmii
denovo391900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo90911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae
denovo90919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo405197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo355623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo158046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo158045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo358777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo473807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo486116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilago hordei
denovo473809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo30032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo365289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo30031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo46785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo114561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo46787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo314943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo405406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo314945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo195123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo195120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo195124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo477656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo477655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo477652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo254600	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo129994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo476388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo86129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo365132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo43668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo397443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo205073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo257552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleurophragmium
denovo257554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo257557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo179581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo16057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo162882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo107169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo107166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo330282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo429972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo102109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo359825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo76241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo102107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo291458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo96688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo287333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo291456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo360506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo83511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo219846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo37566	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo333882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo417184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Exidiaceae
denovo235851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo215179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo71982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo210524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo237304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo237303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo31817	Fungi
denovo192476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo31814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo192473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo368087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo404653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo472868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo476527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo476524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo287484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo71149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo477004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo40311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo199332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo367193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo201400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo456148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo274623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo325683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo325682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo105453	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo157175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo284689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo181177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo218710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo206757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo110457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo184520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo68332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo426234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo79291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo117484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo331620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo344041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo331627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo331629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo456146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo344048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo344049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo74247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo74246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo336931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales
denovo9500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo149400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo228937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo228939	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales	Chytriomycetaceae	Entophlyctis
denovo228938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo320305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo323658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo144632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo144635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo117155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo81801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo117157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo117158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo362819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo230938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo381379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo381376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo32044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo32047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo160626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Coryneliales	Coryneliaceae	Corynelia	Corynelia africana
denovo160627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo495859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo21730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo370518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo167939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellaceae	Cantharellus	Cantharellus amethysteus
denovo167938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo324158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo118686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo461592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo414775	Fungi
denovo461594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo459297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo258938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo377940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Semifissispora rotundata
denovo408147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo113810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo372858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo113812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo486633	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo470290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo372853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporidiobolales	Rhodosporidiobolus odoratus
denovo207003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo207001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo203587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo73739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo207008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo119227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo272713	Fungi
denovo456791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo272717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo235439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo235437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo111419	Fungi
denovo235432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo409383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Crocicreas cyathoideum
denovo343060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo203631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo118181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo276413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo359016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo359011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo98008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo127776	Fungi
denovo491950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo347766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo173148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Thyronectria sinopica
denovo347763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Peltigerales	Peltigeraceae	Peltigera	Peltigera leucophlebia
denovo492539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo135595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo63209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo129644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo260490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo281416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo281413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo31028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo19675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae
denovo19670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo120929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo122696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo209364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Verrucoconiothyrium prosopidis
denovo209362	Fungi
denovo461263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo472477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo121345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo385024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo121348	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo452868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo458655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo120695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo385021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo166718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo166719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo38885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo38884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo278543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo278542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo204069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo465510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo209097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo367947	Fungi
denovo209095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo367945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo342819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo479370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo428662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo91574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo26272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo337910	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Archaeosporaceae
denovo338721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo495853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea
denovo174498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo355201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo439373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo439377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo387003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo467734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo425781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chaetomellaceae	Pilidium	Pilidium concavum
denovo230112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo457098	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo297797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo123277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo39182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo123273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo306244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo464423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium aethiopicum
denovo464425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Tremellaceae
denovo453408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo417454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo417452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo301026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo56296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo300373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo416325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo56295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo411115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo56293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo56290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo411116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cercophora
denovo14180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo255408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo56298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo14187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo57541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
denovo422784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo460352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo438429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo217326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo264550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo335512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo264556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo265204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo293726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo64315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo64319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo190642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo58260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo464287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo469673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo58264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo469671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo237466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo88472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo490026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo310700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo394562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Steccherinum
denovo313938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo139901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoromycetidae	Lecanorales	Lecidella stigmatea
denovo146864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo394564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo266959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo132022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo135030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo124596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo124595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo317955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo145222	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo145225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Curvibasidium	Curvibasidium_cygneicollum
denovo294738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo410243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo410240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo307680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo307686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo294733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo493614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo57374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon niveum
denovo461909	Fungi
denovo385315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo313933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo385319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo461906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo170559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo305266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo300081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo485795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo485792	Fungi
denovo170556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo329997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo176254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo307532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo307535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo307534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo176258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Vibrissea	Vibrissea flavovirens
denovo263123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo12172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo12171	Fungi
denovo12170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo222583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo20295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo354990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo455003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo354996	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo226692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo414896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo211585	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo488018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo482075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Typhulaceae
denovo482070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo216585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo216584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo56454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo115761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo483300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo158280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo28734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo8356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo134855	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo418626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo441694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo447951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria juncicola
denovo24635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo24636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo326761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo223180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo223185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo304139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo326767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo304134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo35598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo353070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Parastagonospora	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo7838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo353074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo247871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo53150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo7834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo177127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo185583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo189603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo137506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo46811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo46817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo46818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Xylonomycetes	Gs34
denovo276878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo198265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo16698	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo182586	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo201081	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo457712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo453872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo112233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo112231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo276871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo112238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo448549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo392108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo392103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo21652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo392106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo392107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo392104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo392105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo69275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo66422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo153876	Fungi
denovo153875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo210721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo357310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo159622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo159623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo96366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo357315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo159629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo96368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo96369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo132840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo106365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo132845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo246478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo132849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo148308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo199132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Acrospermales	Leptodiscella
denovo34317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo34316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo148307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo261938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo352849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo342520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo342522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo188266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Polyporaceae	Polyporus	Polyporus varius
denovo352846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo352845	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo178341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo140684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo193850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora chaetospira
denovo50455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo184727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo417151	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo57588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo261190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Zopfiella marina
denovo243560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo261192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo261193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo264825	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo243566	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo243569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo243568	Fungi
denovo152471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo152473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo147798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo406487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo147795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo147791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo263971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo116445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo143088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula subcarnea
denovo396903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo117312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo426782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo310352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo155840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium delicatulum
denovo233174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo155845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo26385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo468269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo163513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Amandinea	Amandinea decedens
denovo141798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo447762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeomycocentrospora	Phaeomycocentrospora_cantuariensis
denovo44509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo320674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo389085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo348717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo4717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo4716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo354032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo311914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo351008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo197420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo197422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo288156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo105041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo244723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo141241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo244721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo427787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo240032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo7069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo92892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo92893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo38851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo389331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo228971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo42908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo389335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo381702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo393946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177974	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo177976	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo480321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo177979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo184891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo184892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo111259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo374503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium
denovo175225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeria sclerotioides
denovo419338	Fungi
denovo170612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo370614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo370611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo285268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo80666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo328899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Stereaceae
denovo391857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo186495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo98247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo143784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo359259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo78948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo482538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo138500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo329004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo138504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo476022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Hypsizygus	Hypsizygus ulmarius
denovo47746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo441079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo391731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo31224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo31225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo359781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo473100	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo249516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo327155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo404259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo327396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo194195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo302159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo391736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo129337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo352062	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota_incertae_sedis	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae
denovo302154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo290601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo326205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo236121	Fungi
denovo176753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria caricicola
denovo176752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Pyronema	Pyronemataceae
denovo176750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo31597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo351719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo409564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo371560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo241070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_finlandica
denovo293553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo241072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo81536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo293557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo286407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo326589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo76892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo205137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo405615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo405619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo405618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo239953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo239959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo311724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo400994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo73973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo169987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo194673	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis episcopalis
denovo283562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo379483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Petrakia
denovo30170	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Aquamycetaceae	Aquamyces	Aquamyces chlorogonii
denovo251689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo221631	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo425542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo221634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo201305	Fungi
denovo496021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo221639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Volucrispora	Volucrispora_graminea
denovo152866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo104600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo152861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo92309	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo19265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo92306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo107559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo290262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo401916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Massariaceae	Massaria	Massaria gigantispora
denovo296733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo296736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia
denovo296734	Fungi
denovo496028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo496029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo198740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo198742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo198743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora foliicola
denovo280146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo40299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo418442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo471998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo403516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo381858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo40297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo471992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Cryphonectriaceae	Latruncellus	Latruncellus aurorae
denovo280148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo240853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo437442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo343682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo70997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo298016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo156184	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo156187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo156181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo156182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha
denovo460683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo376933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo439168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo376937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo327648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo442443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo90899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo131131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo70669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo275745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Phaeoclavulina	Phaeoclavulina curta
denovo275746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo275748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo75016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo435126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo102737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo274299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Conocybe	Conocybe semiglobata
denovo282779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo106602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria proteae
denovo274294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo106606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo366637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo242073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo366633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo145023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo273744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo116167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo154851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo281234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae
denovo438740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo368294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo373149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo373148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo373147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo462610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo331296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Ascochyta rabiei
denovo430515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo285928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo124862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo124864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo325162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo325163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo287699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo145791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo284341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo145793	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo415302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo320531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo415306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo285699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo443715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo33524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo161744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo161746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo160298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo160296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo65351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo65355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo194023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo188590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo437189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo444002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo75901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo144779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo409353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo475691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo24438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo466665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo24433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo51234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo42809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo78532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo202024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo328727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo179004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo103922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo356200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo118344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo276595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo109921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo73508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo461655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo461654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo89626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo389316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo286273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae
denovo377872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo24385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo403077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae
denovo418193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo381505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo63908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo466927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo128818	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo418196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales
denovo470314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo128814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo470313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo128811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo418197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo432802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo206482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo386040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo3378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo122714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo122715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo303361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo300948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo303367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo300945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo300943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo347350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo347357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hyponectriaceae	Monographella	Monographella nivalis
denovo478672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo478674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo478677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo474123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo203774	Fungi
denovo203771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo203772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo163248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo66621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhiziopsis	Metarhiziopsis microspora
denovo58442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo58445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo162596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Neohygrophorus
denovo162597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo267487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo357157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella avenacea
denovo96166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo462358	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo272902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo281599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo491946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo333595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo458284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo422864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo333599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo38430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo337039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo220228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo339371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo270501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales
denovo425957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo392228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo342722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo342720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo392223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo15287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo15281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo15282	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo392224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo413074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo124008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo305408	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo417410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo409008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo120715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo15623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo409000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Gs36
denovo174860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo174864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo86318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo342891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo231470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo459528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo173487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo392594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo459529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo166902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo60668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo488670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo166908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo60666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo449967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Tremellaceae
denovo66992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleiochaeta
denovo162622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_malorum
denovo162621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo412675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus influorescens
denovo252764	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo252767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo10416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Acephala
denovo217282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo10412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo15426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo10411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo91309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gs29
denovo91308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo59476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo59475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo491230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo491231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo174289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo304754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Naevala
denovo304756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo265500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo214887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo131255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Seiridium
denovo131254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo334078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo196177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo339084	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo340762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo288318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo132784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena metata
denovo26816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo132786	Fungi
denovo132789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo21847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo21846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo316924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo335302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo316926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo56316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo230701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo174134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo27145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo389532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo389535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo306455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo396896	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo465522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo465520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo495807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo484352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo465529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo77786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo179738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo411323	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo133789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo411321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo255237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo411324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo73267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo133783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo13144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo295656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo139464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Thysanorea	Thysanorea papuana
denovo364331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo171500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora angusta
denovo171505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo180880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo114319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo424125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo86425	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo365418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo365419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo179082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo345614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo216629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo168503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo279843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo279841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo438692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo399120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo399123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo388666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo388667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo388660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo385293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo229481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon
denovo388668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo385297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo79777	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo326046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo223220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo326041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo326042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo326043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo93275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo397670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo332581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo397866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium conicum
denovo16245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo307474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo16248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo101653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo307470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo307472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_panacis
denovo440733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo225685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo315356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo293711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae
denovo97972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo146858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo229150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo249067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo172856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo249060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo229157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo229158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo229159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo52561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo39423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo291622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo326596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo188870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo6591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo447960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo39561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo6595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo433318	Fungi
denovo115040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo54924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo352452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo191384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo191383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo185933	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo18948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo18949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo251443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo138408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo18946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo18947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo71737	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo51206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo173817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo457529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo173818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo71739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo115593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo115590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo6510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo353130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo199584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo28506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo28505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo28504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo486528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae
denovo143514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo404984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo143512	Fungi
denovo107715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo140717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo245537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo405052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo105624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo245533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo224243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo158741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo158742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo224240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo268045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo396201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo312826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo25174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo25176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo448346	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo189477	Fungi
denovo192607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo25178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo313193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo377865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo256255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo256256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo148537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo256253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo148535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
denovo70464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo70467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo54071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo25282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo296635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo439990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo293245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo106446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo7498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo210910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo104973	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo407319	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo180417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo180416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo474845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo45468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo2693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium sicilianum
denovo83276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo26485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo317248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo26487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo325760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo26481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo26483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo140724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo193958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo25821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecideales	Lecideaceae	Lecidea	Lecidea tessellata
denovo25820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo25826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo407366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo102630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo294903	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo102636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo102635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo243247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo323425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Corynesporascaceae	Corynespora	Corynespora citricola
denovo2960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo243243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo323428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo419982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo6275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo309205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo410809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Minutisphaerales	Minutisphaeraceae	Minutisphaera	Minutisphaera japonica
denovo243972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza	Hyalopeziza nectrioidea
denovo445952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo320885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo371835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo308158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo445958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo4525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo127127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo252201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo127128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo243977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo380937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo447655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo74617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo378187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo13804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo418125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo4858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo110335	Fungi
denovo269605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo110331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Zoellneria	Zoellneria rosarum
denovo373576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo323284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo288051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo233700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Calosphaeriales	Pleurostomataceae	Pleurostoma	Pleurostoma repens
denovo244686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo445242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo78048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo78046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Hirsutella	Hirsutella haptospora
denovo78045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo78044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo157249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo289909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo150020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo322770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo27468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo289900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo92916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo350501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo92910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo289907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo98452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo402907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo298556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo195084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomidium	Chaetomidium gallecicum
denovo151378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo151379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo327051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo327053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo351212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo303161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius limosus
denovo242687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo126653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo126652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo322481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo322483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo322484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo322485	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo322486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo322487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo474326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo240267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo290106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Agaricales
denovo240265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo290104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo245080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo186517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo290108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo418769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo207453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo474328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo242538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo71836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo242531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo204187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo473318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo374715	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo114055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo114056	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo365993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo365992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo114052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo150684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo277997	Fungi
denovo443850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo276020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo276022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena belliarum
denovo276024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo203209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo207985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo385363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Tetrapyrgos	Tetrapyrgos subdendrophora
denovo476484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo251162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo161988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo138318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo156686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo138310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo156689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo352741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo352742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo302693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
denovo205580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo428432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo297349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo496602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo302698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula flavovirens
denovo281861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo154267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Thielavia	Thielavia intermedia
denovo128768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo31415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo281865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo399830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo281869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo151085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo231678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo382238	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Erythricium	Erythricium atropatanum
denovo299411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo382230	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomeraceae
denovo33306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo49663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales	Microascaceae	Microascus
denovo420194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo73832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo162029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo128498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo409794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo372714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo477142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo372713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo417800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo205994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo43977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Beltraniaceae	Hemibeltrania
denovo325091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo55516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo376872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo376873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo425663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo71474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo221778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo221779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo19541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo421577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo421570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo69784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo358469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo358467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo371067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo328143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo99475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo103343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo369193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria myriocarpa
denovo488590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo369197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo490522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo334272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum	Microbotryaceae
denovo428808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo155130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo490524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo164070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo164072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae
denovo264923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo264921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo268028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo309947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo309948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo463990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo38580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Trigonopsidaceae	Trigonopsis	Trigonopsis cantarellii
denovo212502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo426559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo19092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo284993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo284995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo115301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo369446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo237636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo237632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo151530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Physalospora	Physalospora vaccinii
denovo360125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo360126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae
denovo236941	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo331319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo37106	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo311629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo271842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo32165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo439620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo478057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo408536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo228441	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo65414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo334893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo110340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo238810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo238817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo41532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo41539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo62971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo170920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo79904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo370824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo370823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo160319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo64729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo351810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema rubi
denovo486835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo441812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Toninia	Toninia physaroides
denovo87830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo118990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo364800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo345483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo423638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo76138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo68606	Fungi
denovo68600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo68602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo339274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo68609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo494999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo494992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylaria
denovo74150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo155449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo464905	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo165845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo428956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo23755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo285710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo229313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo229315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo437572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo84266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo465055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo272002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo277033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo232918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo232919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo436622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo277037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo352646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo1127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo1125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo343777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo149065	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo307103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo88747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo415510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales
denovo343779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo381636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma graphitipes f. cystidiatum
denovo266380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo468542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo471233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo418570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo479860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo475158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo475154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo411761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo46387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo488042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo259341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo470505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo457323	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo457324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo63734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo470501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo78051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo401269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo266655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Chionosphaera	Chionosphaera cuniculicola
denovo437396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo267383	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo406053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo267386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo442684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta gigantospora
denovo279788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense
denovo458369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo208470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo90297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo97404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo97406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo42894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo97408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo172381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo134370	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo134376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo7136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo493942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo414645	Fungi
denovo54356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo332034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo332038	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo51040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo39991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo280877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces	Sporobolomyces salicinus
denovo39994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo247159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Geoglossum	Geoglossum fallax
denovo147504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo406212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo406210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Apiosporaceae
denovo337207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo54272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo48379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo148739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo143616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo143617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo278781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo385675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo172653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo462256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo41271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo9052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Gomphidiaceae	Chroogomphus	Chroogomphus rutilus
denovo9050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo9056	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo267520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo36690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo48370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo125681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo354616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo144522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo168368	Fungi
denovo148884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta
denovo253311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo253310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo453310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo209709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo209705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo63358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo417344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo296014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo487906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo91801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo279250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo11979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo159822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo11974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo165062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
denovo485537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo270339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo357471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Boletaceae
denovo357470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo357473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo357472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo407169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo223855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo223853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo223851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo173528	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo142568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo221982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo131423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo196708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo310237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo390308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo390309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo192881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Podosphaera	Erysiphaceae
denovo196703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo310230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo252045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Dacrymyces	Dacrymyces subalpinus
denovo322498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo10593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo10590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo18369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo455412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo18360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo453240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Passalora	Passalora fulva
denovo444681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo419619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo307935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo307934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo471136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo444687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo60415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo416439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo160052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo412883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hymenoscyphus tetracladius
denovo288292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo91119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo350129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia
denovo485889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo91112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo91115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo169578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo212067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo190958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo262540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae
denovo262541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus collinsoniae
denovo212068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo263636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo399682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo362772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo268624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo273581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo399689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo481412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon ericaeum
denovo396460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo12669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo81743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo470679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo217743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo311548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo17016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo193754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo197074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo400302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo193753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo137111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo411285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo56103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo53322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia griseopallida
denovo58812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
denovo411289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo94565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo248278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo389707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo393457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo295196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Phaeotremella	Phaeotremella skinneri
denovo295195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo339496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo190483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo53326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo248274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo145934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo22169	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo248277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auriculariales_incertae_sedis
denovo391169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo44868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo90997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo446956	Fungi
denovo465311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo114299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo255063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo3956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo3957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo48583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo255065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo494763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo456442	Fungi
denovo456440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo456441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo176549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo296186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo446483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo74458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella citrina
denovo446264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo72320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo441457	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo441456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo365207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo75527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo46702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo365202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo482140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo198576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo352180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales
denovo179296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo289656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo179293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo248894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo190226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo104347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo289658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo101191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo399356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo399357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo225723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo399353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo399351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo76131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo76130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo420929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo435422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo156337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreaceae
denovo17900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo59367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo114047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo395476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo298809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Fenestellaceae	Fenestella	Fenestella ostryae
denovo395472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo215240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
denovo298802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo294318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo441270	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo312161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo493231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo404530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Didymella urticicola
denovo435391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo159312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo357803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo357804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo357805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo98850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo159317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo96879	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo194831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo246365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo487240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo245947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo282129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo47072	Fungi
denovo445364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo199622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo199628	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo107695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo107693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo379055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo257338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo257333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo257332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo96718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo268361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo218242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Rhizopogonaceae	Rhizopogon
denovo449700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Atheliaceae	Piloderma
denovo449703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo449704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo206865	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo210037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo11506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo361454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo154783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo361453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo214596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo489948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo489943	Fungi	Zoopagomycota	Zoopagomycetes	Zoopagales	Piptocephalidaceae	Syncephalis
denovo278266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_malorum
denovo489940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo360327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo153676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo84107	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae
denovo331159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo278261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
denovo126877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo126876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo284601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius plicatulus
denovo87720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo80824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo284605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo116354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo240405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo214626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo284608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo218799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo143402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo471073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo253059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo160154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo358051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Septobasidiales	Septobasidiaceae	Septobasidium	Septobasidium castaneum
denovo103753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo283387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo99060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo283380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo253052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo253053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo296405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo251173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo41046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Sarcinomyces
denovo238387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo44037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo44036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo180596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo252906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo427890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo451224	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo113727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo113726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo113724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo431894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo429942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo206138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo431890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo429946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo118602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo180628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo285552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo75777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo26679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo117404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo117405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo269109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo285559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo10186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo213071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo485020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo343579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo368484	Fungi
denovo212309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo113895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Vermiconia	Vermiconia calcicola
denovo343576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo219535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo336317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Leuconeurospora
denovo80171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo102406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo33973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo352752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo45348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo487133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo420618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo45341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo197910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo45347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_orthosporum
denovo22630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo83403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo83402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo380026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo380023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo380021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo167315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo473436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo473432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo473431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo155754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pezizaceae
denovo155755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo98088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo119552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo111769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo187075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo187073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo260417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo260413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo375341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo186307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo208672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo381487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo308474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo308477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo421820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Elaphomycetaceae	Elaphomyces	Elaphomyces muricatus
denovo80344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo333035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina rehmii
denovo369221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo369222	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes
denovo393508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera
denovo200855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gloeophyllales	Gloeophyllaceae	Veluticeps	Veluticeps abietina
denovo233514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo200859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo204575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo157455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo157456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo329718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo345424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo277540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo138871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo482804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo482803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo138876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo277547	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo330642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo337445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo271263	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo224486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo271267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Magnaporthe	Magnaporthe oryzae
denovo271264	Fungi
denovo48478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo432382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo242474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo423542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo151129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo48476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lyophyllum semitale
denovo275947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo374698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Ramariopsis
denovo374699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo303737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo387551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo139331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo236359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo374697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo403918	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo126024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo126025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
denovo121039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo174417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo285186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo304966	Fungi
denovo174418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo128511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo372690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo372691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo330943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo372696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo204394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo387081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo204392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo374964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo370274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Onygenaceae
denovo256815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo256813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo492000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo256811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena capillaripes
denovo479006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo379318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae
denovo165263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo254527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo125642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo424702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo435984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo156475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo220618	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo138129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo347984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arachnopeziza
denovo420013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium conicum
denovo337998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo201817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
denovo205926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo381865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo337992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Diaporthales
denovo381866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo337994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo381860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo337997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo422703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo429532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo429536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo361156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo139456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza
denovo87314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo310037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo231829	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo299205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo71235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo299200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Roseodiscus	Roseodiscus subcarneus
denovo93577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo335596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus	Hymenoscyphus haasticus
denovo413734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo33118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo37601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo120071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo40584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo120073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium	Lophodermium piceae
denovo340067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo340065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia
denovo301609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo340060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo301605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo301606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo139987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo301602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo264886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo124512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo59824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo59825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo124518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo14100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo60165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo60167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo19359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gloeophyllales	Gloeophyllaceae	Gloeophyllum	Gloeophyllum sepiarium
denovo461984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo461989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo367651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Tranzscheliella	Tranzscheliella williamsii
denovo84666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo221252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo320215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo221255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo478155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo64395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo228766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo439183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo434169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo434164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo421058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo228768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo222506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo144865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo222505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo75438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo95909	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
denovo222509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo18751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces caricis
denovo18753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo477857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo89786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo170880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo170887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo133376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo133377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo133374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo379515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo488094	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo121857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo85775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo431662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo385937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo492921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo96605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Flammulina	Marasmiaceae
denovo492929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo492928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo384044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo390807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo265828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo491729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo65449	Fungi
denovo211502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo28044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo243062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo420837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo420834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo454357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo1684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo145406	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo1683	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo16610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo428284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo415495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo434834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo415491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maculata
denovo62874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo109456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo158200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula pruinosa
denovo109450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Hydnodontaceae
denovo438325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo108322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo18531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Leccinum	Boletaceae
denovo24016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo142830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo392185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo413894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo171826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo171829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo88951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo376605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo185501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo80500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo313540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo492076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo313547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo405971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo260517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo405978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo198808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo349911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo130054	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo349915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo140570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo349916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo59003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo140579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo14923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo8539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo148382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo262407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo11347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo164903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo164902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo51589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo338197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo166217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo195981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo152169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
denovo271740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo7661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo247692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis
denovo97673	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo97671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo214020	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo247698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo214026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo220939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo464421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo81003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo491526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo350624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo91637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo314012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo147714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo338447	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo81001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo247341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo50181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo174995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Leuconeurospora
denovo117773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo247345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae
denovo247344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo364100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo58759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo44236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo25650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales
denovo396988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo353638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo467275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo467277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo467276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo349264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo199866	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo335136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo181993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella
denovo168118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo335870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo11833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo389002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo11831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo389000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo389005	Fungi
denovo44581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo44580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo44589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo153699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo394720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo394723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo481542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo67773	Fungi
denovo213273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo15335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo261117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo80379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleurophragmium
denovo255926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo255927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo255925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo219333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo13477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo255929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo13472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo153348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo339711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena septentrionalis
denovo294579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo264694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo213340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo19089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo392601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo400808	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo56244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo400804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo145874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo348136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo265128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo145872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo390112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo407466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo136474	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo136473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo252655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo388355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo252650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo142065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo412969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo132540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo187278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo187279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo5846	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo187271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo59580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo103860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo373782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo389914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo389912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo289288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo245450	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo42329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo440202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo158940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo481595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo241341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo460427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo481592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo234441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Bryochiton	Bryochiton monascus
denovo356003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo324953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo288488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo178441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo52271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo489361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo178446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo202925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo71257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo170699	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo351648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo263400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo283876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo48675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo327488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo327486	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo327484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Stephanosporaceae	Cristinia	Atheliaceae
denovo327483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo259129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo137706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo358532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo400114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo400110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo494048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo361683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo322056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo494042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo358636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo432749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo115281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae
denovo358633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo293089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo293087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo285116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo99601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria	Xylaria hypoxylon
denovo358639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo486018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo143827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo387217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo296220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo327730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo441301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo401448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo155347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo143828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo460731	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo114489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo114486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo29965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo114481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo29961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo243850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo326281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo243855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo418068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Scolecobasidium
denovo418067	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo477518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo92386	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo360151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo321779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo401993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo401994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo312337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo177402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo254724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo200385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo200389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo394425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo405698	Fungi
denovo86007	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo365076	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo86005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo397566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia armoraciae
denovo405697	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Cladochytriomycetes	Cladochytriales	Endochytriaceae	Endochytrium
denovo55138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo93385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo250400	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo101765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo101760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo472621	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo361799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo254898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo200658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo70912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo254894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo361794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Pezoloma ericae
denovo254893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo98953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Phaeomoniella
denovo359946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo359945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo76367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo98957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo156101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo156102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo102223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo359949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo282089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo37448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo49237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo76734	Fungi
denovo45962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo201385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo408844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo104686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo104687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo315737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo160510	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo315732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo334994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo486902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo313068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo313062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo313063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo476640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo472944	Fungi
denovo287565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo419820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo83788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo403597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae	Xanthoria	Xanthoria elegans
denovo199470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo195798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo4066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo409850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo407870	Fungi
denovo57813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo290877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo192228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo57815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo376316	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
denovo409714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo201527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo129851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo176401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo143381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo428933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo428931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo445663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo445661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo491493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo449138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo181035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo429041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo218458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo273876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo449135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo443796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo443797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo443793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo327795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo460733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo84310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria myriocarpa
denovo367323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo84312	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo367321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo367327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo184756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo105240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo105247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo74323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo358390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo358396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo480501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo320022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo283028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo480509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo25511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo437844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo81925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo437104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo430337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo430330	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo437103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo323593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Leucosporidium	Leucosporidium fasciculatum
denovo437101	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo323599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo244192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo381230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo48285	Fungi
denovo370411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo370414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo273299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo198419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo370418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo355883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo273290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo324614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae
denovo167870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo450291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo324618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Torulaspora	Saccharomycetaceae
denovo414033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo414032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo459387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo280641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo121910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo478549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo400781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo309667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo121917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo244444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo280649	Fungi
denovo309669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo160472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo408067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo160477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe phaseolorum
denovo381589	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo470396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo113915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo474431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo470398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo118033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo68180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo68188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo73679	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo111518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo111512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo267779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo420580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo150196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_secalis
denovo150190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo420585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo232547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo343304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo343302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo336124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo64735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo276511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Conlarium	Conlarium
denovo380183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo73583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo167291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo156934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo156933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Corynesporascaceae	Corynespora	Corynespora citricola
denovo122248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo285074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo69162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo305957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo322317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo305951	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces punctatus
denovo50410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo322312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo150447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo150446	Fungi
denovo191821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo470971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo308530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo245712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo245713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo208146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo34152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo432880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo80704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo127542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo69160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo121267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo58281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo121269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo81265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo305487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
denovo305486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo305485	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
denovo173779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo271188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo375137	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo208820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo208827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo208826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo162518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo146499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo421674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo470166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo209193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo89849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo18130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo18133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo166988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Phaeomoniella
denovo496198	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo338604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo338607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tricladium
denovo306321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia rhabdospora
denovo166986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo338603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo68634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo14801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo14800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo14806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo439234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo151711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo432222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
denovo334568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo303509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo278370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo20821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo347534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo58285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo350391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella grevillei
denovo467475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo467474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo341271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo123538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo174201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo128306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo123533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo128304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo411173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo134622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces puniceus
denovo345978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo345972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo400749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo450740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrophorus	Hygrophorus pustulatus
denovo9977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo478262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo43267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo358822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo416043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo13670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo416049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo118853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo88080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo61937	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo231784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo466283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo438545	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo438542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo397507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo74148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo14377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo14376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo265322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo160806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo216159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo64218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo422513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo58347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo237788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo380969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo88339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo87500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo237781	Fungi
denovo394441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo380962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo380961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo364535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo132708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo287009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma crassicystidiatum
denovo149743	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo235325	Fungi
denovo149885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo130637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo434319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo431146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo469443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo469444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo431141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo431143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo237250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo310594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo310593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo36140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo495888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo385216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo495881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo305103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo170457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo170454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo183206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo370025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo171326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo171323	Fungi
denovo149775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Bankeraceae	Hydnellum	Hydnellum cyanopodium
denovo490215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Limonomyces	Limonomyces culmigenus
denovo415023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo171329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo294164	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo354898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo12233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo354897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo451618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo354891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo414996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo96787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo414993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo50981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo18493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita	Amanitaceae
denovo18491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo488356	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo485101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo271977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo139716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo271975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo383312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys
denovo494681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo211311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo23661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo231949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo98211	Fungi
denovo388881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo131941	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Paralepista	Paralepista flaccida
denovo131940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena zephirus
denovo252663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo20000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo311240	Fungi
denovo17777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo311248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo267892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo35494	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo35493	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo355279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo79040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo318796	Fungi
denovo28581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo465060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo33656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo143595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo7972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo404905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo143593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo358902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo189168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo414376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo198100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Coniothyrium
denovo106957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo15951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo246261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo165971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo288800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo112574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo112577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo112571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo185316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo5237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo433462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo326449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo316198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo29183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo302570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo389929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo392067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo94848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo454140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo322025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo392069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo16427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo423455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo458873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo129750	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo66307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Physalospora	Physalospora vaccinii
denovo277028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo429303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo220873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo142644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo135913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo246733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Brachyphoris	Brachyphoris oviparasitica
denovo130398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo188691	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
denovo246730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo188697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo317573	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo60357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo147037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo60354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo147031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo50880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo38774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo192024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo146343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo343005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis atramentaria
denovo159470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetidae	Rinodina	Rinodina sophodes
denovo241960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Parastagonospora	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo192029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo421751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo397154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo376154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo376153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo397153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo342206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo51424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo26401	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo26403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo59638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo206417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo449338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo206418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo412025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo376488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo350989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo350980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo152733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo152731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo410880	Fungi
denovo152734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo181540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo247067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo247060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo247061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo181546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Fenestella ostryae
denovo247063	Fungi
denovo480342	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo480340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo33978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo66521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo278638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo66520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia flavida
denovo281221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo426661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo233030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo264154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo233036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo325980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo13881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo179579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Hypocreales	Lecanicillium psalliotae
denovo377686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo253488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo179572	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo324054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo253484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo179577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo253481	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo238774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo296854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo196239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo131119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo4614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo479533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo310920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo100986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo90177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo472304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Piptoporus	Piptoporus soloniensis
denovo244609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo446623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo244600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo400630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo258877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo258875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo255881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo67690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo377358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo377359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo240774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo377355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo377352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo353980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo353983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo253735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo248569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo253737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo153069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo7148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo7144	Fungi
denovo53067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo153062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo184998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo117059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Solenopezia	Solenopezia solenia
denovo44795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo184994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo59905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo369418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo175308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces caricis
denovo45444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo257214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo74871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo175307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo232788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo219100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo59901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo262652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo262653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo262650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora
denovo232787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo458524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo186591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo53394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo41858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo186598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo269684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo102855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo351169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo102850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo269688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo481126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo329329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo365911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo111061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Exserohilum	Exserohilum neoregeliae
denovo150604	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo150600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo289364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo47226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo248388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Paucispora	Paucispora quadrispora
denovo154775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo248386	Fungi
denovo460557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo154770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo248383	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo399444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo293981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo354669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium_trabinellum
denovo354661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo90285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo351297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo388148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo242605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo351294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo243956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo355139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo243950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo138399	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Kondoa
denovo194099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo129272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo290724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo355137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo176658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo176659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo445046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo451502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo298531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo104187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Muriphaeosphaeria	Muriphaeosphaeria galatellae
denovo165551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo268797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo204104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo204100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus lupini
denovo441961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiella	Mrakiella_aquatica
denovo441963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo251259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo441967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo71963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo55571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo375445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo163915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo375447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo371359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo203829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo373301	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo396005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo105856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Psathyrellaceae
denovo105852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo428212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo15727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo157957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo250617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo428217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo250615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo250614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo428218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo157958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo157959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales
denovo104720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo84742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo110855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo369115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo48354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo15721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo473935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo30727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo30725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo472048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo46498	Fungi
denovo402560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo194322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo292768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo471899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo230545	Fungi
denovo195058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo471890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Ostropales
denovo284910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo234434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo477720	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo477724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo72700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo72701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo258020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo258022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo91203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo444875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo373840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo256519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo471768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo422357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo91207	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces acuminatus
denovo256510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo403388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo364736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo334810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo334812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo82595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo402389	Fungi
denovo423092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo49007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo49006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo491158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo219935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo274399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo360435	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo487159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo341197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo83425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo287243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo367428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo274395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo487154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo348759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo113037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo366771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo116043	Fungi
denovo116042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo491415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo358660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo80084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo237016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales
denovo409951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo330665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Lachnocladiaceae	Gloiothele	Gloiothele citrina
denovo330668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Tremellaceae
denovo345408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo127361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo75284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo368391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo127365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo111890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo331395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo37183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo287793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo287791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo463972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo282546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia tsunedae
denovo282548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo80083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo284263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lichinales	Lichinaceae	Phylliscum	Phylliscum demangeonii
denovo460406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo320276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo320271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo43506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo464988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo438176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo61263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo438171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri
denovo367285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo430780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo5588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo274534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo274535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo274532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma virens
denovo160393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo160395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo160396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo141909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo65012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo388979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo75860	Fungi
denovo331538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo81505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo481005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helicodendron	Helicodendron luteoalbum
denovo426305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo335856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo93032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo335859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo366488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo494915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo149579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo149575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo139104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo366484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo494919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo73424	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo118266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo118264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo285134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo335402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
denovo144123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae
denovo119795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo286537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo24266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo202696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo280560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo24263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo280562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo24261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo344206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo408384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo78362	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo202699	Fungi
denovo408380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo5882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo122455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Tranzscheliella	Tranzscheliella williamsii
denovo386122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo432925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo383330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo122459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo381797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo420469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Toninia	Toninia physaroides
denovo208168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo428213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo372926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo207311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo58522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo119139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo60825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo374450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium carpinicola
denovo83988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella	Gyoerffyella entomobryoides
denovo459672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo247148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo138989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo374456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo111307	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo69649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo235500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo50789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo343111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo337170	Fungi
denovo337171	Fungi
denovo406104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo54206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo38576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo38572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo276706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo334482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo334486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo270622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo270623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo438218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo334489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo209789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo342447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo466119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo466115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Hypocreaceae
denovo231088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo302550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo496528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo413334	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
denovo413338	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo346562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo409161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo7022	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
denovo25570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo231330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo391971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo464575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo463567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo479518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales
denovo404295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo271397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo152170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo346697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo405255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo90712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo453395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo423476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo453396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo164624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo417520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Coniolariella	Coniolariella ershadii
denovo455494	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo452443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo90563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo350211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo441157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo123478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo60498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo384788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo43777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo214967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo214966	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo214968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo139167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Corticiaceae	Laetisaria	Laetisaria fuciformis
denovo334736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo197789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo489137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo288214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo261672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo226599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo374544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo261677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo213999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo400435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo141327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo91190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo56451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo56452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo344810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo485802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
denovo393728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo91196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo91197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo56458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo393721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo485808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo174075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo174076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo134456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo464516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo165393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo139292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo344875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
denovo400384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo344872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo494279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo295117	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo58060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Rugosomyces	Rugosomyces naucoria
denovo88273	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo415961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo306664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo88277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo88276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo306660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo12910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo481320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Pseudoseptoria	Pseudoseptoria collariana
denovo175670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo183431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo187995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo227646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo168621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo227644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo262329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo168627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola
denovo415197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo139837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo211871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo211873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo211874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo481491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo481490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo327212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo327210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo391476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo222038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo135320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo397736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo352104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22708	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo392922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo494498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Septoria	Septoria oenanthicola
denovo93134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo133243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo216473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo133241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo133244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo133245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo317822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo145314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo248816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo101118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Menispora	Menispora manitobaensis
denovo6941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo317828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo317829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo6949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Kondoa
denovo294646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo394187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo294642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo293611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo60281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo388431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo23253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo293618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo293619	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
denovo36337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo229610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo36332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo249146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo249148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo305314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo461879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo465399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala fortinii
denovo39305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo39303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo55376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo6497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo209613	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo12009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo115164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo115161	Fungi
denovo315540	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo211290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo315546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo12005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo211293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo254140	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo29888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo455131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo267918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo182479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo478300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo182474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo92267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo224698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo76987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo483239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo483238	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo191170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo222961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo100646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo191175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo191177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo191178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo191179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo98983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo441181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo489496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo194528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo292564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo24709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo24708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo226276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo194522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo194523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo74520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo224525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo214518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo158660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo185298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales
denovo11589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo7726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo7723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo185291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo159398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo5371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo441231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pseudiridis
denovo100397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo5374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces variabilis
denovo47429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia longisporopsis
denovo22493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo476034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo405260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo448789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo454264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo454266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo314702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo240489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Cryptomarasmius	Cryptomarasmius micraster
denovo314701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Psathyrellaceae
denovo471564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo16550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo70542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis romagnesiana
denovo240482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo240481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo442524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo295937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo446633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo227442	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo106562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo10989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo206207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo179983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo395842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo256060	Fungi
denovo127198	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo154957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo154950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo154953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo154952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo180519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo214917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo357228	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo206607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo159533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo397299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo321401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Diatrype stigma
denovo252985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo359748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo252989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo213562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo213563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo405846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo224623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo188062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo487421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo364641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo239302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium_trabinellum
denovo211856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo225256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo146131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo269188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo334742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizales	Pezizaceae
denovo269183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Meruliopsis	Meruliaceae
denovo481862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo443692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo481866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo447588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo288979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
denovo447585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo317051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo359747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo349575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo317058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo248482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo438909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo371971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo438908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormiella	Sporormiella megalospora
denovo371976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo327978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo412270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo291137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo197990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo197993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo225975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo187566	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo68848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo427819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo263805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo68849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo116531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo116530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo336425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo167390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo167392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo440916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo472971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo465623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo426496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo426494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo373239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo450146	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo157362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo436813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo157368	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo216801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo216802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo216803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo27546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo216805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella tricincta
denovo216806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo27545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo336399	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo336398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo212389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo348623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo303041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo233591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo436330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo46106	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo126757	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo46101	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo240106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo466455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo474042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Urnula
denovo470744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo42610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo413990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo249468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo249469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo358809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo113417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo52164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo249467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo232524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo374611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo374617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo374614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo175533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo39098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo277891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo370760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo427366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo410135	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo378516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo378510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo186387	Fungi
denovo182801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae
denovo203321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo186389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo332849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo409521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo251048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo33009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Johnalcornia	Johnalcornia aberrans
denovo204318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Vanderwaltozyma	Vanderwaltozyma verrucispora
denovo365760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo138217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo78837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo86714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo150839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo433506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo150834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo256897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo256894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo282368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo154107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo297265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo297263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo34526	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes	Monoblepharidales
denovo247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo409365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo31357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo98661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo328849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo30087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo30085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo347902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo347905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo33264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo52491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo49704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo235629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo402480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo330799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo235622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo235621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo496091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo333276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo31682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo120345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo128597	Fungi
denovo128595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo128593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo371495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Atheliaceae
denovo335046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo477026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo122851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo476379	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo405108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo452602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo452604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo402737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo405100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo479158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo373137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo19462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo40506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo276853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo329881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo358780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma viride
denovo432674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo371145	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo103262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo432670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo259541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo334132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo155275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo200143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo264800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo264802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo86184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo221128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo201239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo257079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo221124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo221127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo257070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo421328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo309828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo402606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Holtermanniella	Holtermanniella_takashimae
denovo284159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo419500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo234574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo358259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo317374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo60149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo87390	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo305853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo462907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo83672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo83677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara	Chalara_holubovae
denovo89251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo83679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo287458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo439108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo379925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo238913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo51739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo245776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo64122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo430038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo63346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo64124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo300559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo304426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo123062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo256302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo123065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo273983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo87972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium
denovo111919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo368051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo368053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo426805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo309172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo74291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo336989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo64577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo449025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo113200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo113207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo308883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo308886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo23015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo184258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo465152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo465153	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo430428	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Kappamycetaceae	Kappamyces
denovo79719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo39541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo21520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo436740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo1602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo1600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo145482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo88669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo88666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo458281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo167982	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
denovo61436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo61437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo61431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Microascus	Microascus longicollis
denovo33575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo43874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo10634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo308224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo308220	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulospora viridis
denovo208080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo208087	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo208089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo144688	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo437293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo24542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo24547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo272168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo272165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo78442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo202155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo202152	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo207509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Phomatosporales	Phomatosporaceae	Phomatospora	Phomatospora striatigera
denovo260910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo208333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo356372	Fungi
denovo49057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo22871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo22872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo125196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo125192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo468682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo62167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo125198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo277668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo408199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo408198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo408197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo381611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo466632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo277664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo39891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo276138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo195904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo337325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo54338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo276136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo276137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo54331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo54330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo278866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo383102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo172511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo20735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo20737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo267648	Fungi
denovo267643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo414459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo267646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo267644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo267645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo207851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo448812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Neurospora	Neurospora terricola
denovo166165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo406291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo77242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo174910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo483215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo174919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo453210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo209062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo401958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo85676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ericae
denovo96095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo67269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo9268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo135544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo67261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo460243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo338115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo163662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo279116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo168196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo153612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo278240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo153610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo492619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo424422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo231275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria halima
denovo299894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo35872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo191155	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo124718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo264343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo413106	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo124717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo124710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo486368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo413103	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
denovo467141	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo467140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo346716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo120625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo159588	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo136168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo407759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo339792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo146441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo146445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo75953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo301091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo252161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo252160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo301099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo9847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo412479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo100482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo45103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo166837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo166833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo416571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo13966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella phragmitis
denovo55087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo416579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo340387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo196594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo415887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo4172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo415888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo301323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo468732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo213810	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo100861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo197043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo94475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo178117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo100869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo226410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo59502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Flagellospora	Flagellospora fusarioides
denovo350007	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo100489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo384578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo350748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo60280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo265436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo14465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo265434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo14463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo265432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo393086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo14460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo212149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo400316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo390261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo14468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo362031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo12705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo12707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo132098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo451105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo362039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo484743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo354783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo117979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo193419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo217667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo261885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo169745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo288409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo193416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo216398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo56225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo322375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo393558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo99496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo56170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo216394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo216395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo56229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo140845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo389621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora	Pseudocercospora cladrastidis
denovo42452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo248132	Fungi
denovo131675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo228048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo140849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo327406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo327404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo327401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo323981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo94513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo377773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Dichomitus albidofuscus
denovo249268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo441883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo132324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo137787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo187815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo197244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo17283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo300053	Fungi
denovo187819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo262281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo85043	Fungi
denovo94796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hymenogaster	Hymenogaster australis
denovo355789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo355788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo418352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo377779	Fungi
denovo298380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo298383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella grevillei
denovo298385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo171431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo186148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo295341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo177773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo175882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo365563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo183661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo216539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo175885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo8357	Fungi
denovo216537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo317984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo190148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo456149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo101095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo130787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo456147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo456656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo394028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo263481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo394021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo391194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae
denovo446929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo450766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo482357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo58656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo172046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Meripilaceae
denovo223138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo448371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena zephirus
denovo482358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo289461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo130250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo104577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo321809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo176280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales
denovo104571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo440427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo317679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo298969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo236520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo92654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo92655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo293002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo404471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo404472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo404473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo477227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo477226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo312004	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo309703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo402139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo402138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo313351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales
denovo198296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Hydnodontaceae
denovo414005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo447812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo199746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo406833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo186855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo406831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo136950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo477591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo319602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo379155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo415112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo455309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae	Cystofilobasidium	Cystofilobasidium capitatum
denovo455304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo177481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo257278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo97082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo448596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo188453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo188455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo444338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo457232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo445554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo218366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Neopeckia	Neopeckia_coulteri
denovo253977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo7884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo361716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena strobilinoidea
denovo360041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo487580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo105710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Phallomycetidae	Phaeoclavulina	Phaeoclavulina abietina
denovo105712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Phaffomycetaceae	Wickerhamomyces	Wickerhamomyces anomalus
denovo152203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo403265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo152209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo321111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo210288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo214701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo210284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo316200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo141925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Onygenaceae	Ophidiomyces	Ophidiomyces ophiicola
denovo47869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo411230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo239517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo147450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo358313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo314510	Fungi
denovo103652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo99308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo324563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo103659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo61597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo25597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo296522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo112118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo112115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo41167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo196923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo57893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo5650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo9105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo444733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Chrysosporium
denovo465467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo350821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo206070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo273210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo101879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo113449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo153550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo68270	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo94045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora	Pseudocercospora cladrastidis
denovo68274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo117565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo241896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo117560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo241891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo180706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo180306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo343430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo212463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo366050	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Archaeosporaceae	Archaeospora
denovo232895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo363027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo117699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo293821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo323518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo33837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum
denovo285342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo269266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo6306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo99872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo358865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo470463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo75054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo248670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo167215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Allophaeosphaeria	Allophaeosphaeria cytisi
denovo380103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo167213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo167218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo4231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo259365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Gs27	Gs27
denovo243668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo417699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo475521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo246695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo78280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo74507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo482150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo351722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo246697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo421908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo63361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo436289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
denovo186467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo484978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo81348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo246692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo362372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo65969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo81344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo477966	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo233419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo107820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo204430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo119341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo72900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo233414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo277463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo466432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo412959	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo277466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo277464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo115875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo115877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo115871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo227129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo276333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo38924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo38925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo38926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo38927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo115878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo271108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo383743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo90518	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo363423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo423221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo423228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo84837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo332468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo387456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo88749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo387458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo157662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo240316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo129563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo326878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo31525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo31529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo330823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo470417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo204293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo446801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo126278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo96286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo126271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo126275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo108762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo165106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo165104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo379459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo379458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo379451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo424626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo407656	Fungi
denovo254205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo220151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo438897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo138005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo98150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis corniculata
denovo433718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Acrospermales	Phaeodactylium	Phaeodactylium	Phaeodactylium stadleri
denovo98157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo15138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo15139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo491726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo496115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo337659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium pinicola
denovo496117	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo491720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo337652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo23224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo104030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo339556	Fungi
denovo490454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo364020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo435417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo220487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo364028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo82066	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Hyaloraphidiomycetes	Hyaloraphidiales	Hyaloraphidium	Hyaloraphidium_curvatum
denovo294432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo275173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo231705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo231707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo231702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo156222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo33013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo275178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo235015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo335653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo366887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo335654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hemimycena ochrogaleata
denovo235019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo346260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo439230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo409665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo237702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo237706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo87585	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo237705	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo417977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo417971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo301526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo301527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo135177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo164275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo135175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo124652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Amandinea	Amandinea decedens
denovo138610	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo221687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo233812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo60046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo110969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo60041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo110960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Mollisia
denovo14668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo110962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo305186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo89351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo367593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo274225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo274221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo433204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo160888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo488464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium
denovo19161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo19162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo19165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo488469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo22245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo369537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia adeliensis
denovo369532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo422593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo422591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo490182	Fungi
denovo465299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo491911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo85372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo465290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo331221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo331222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo311130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo84054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo84051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo215276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo422897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo133433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo494605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Erythrobasidiales	Sakaguchia	Sakaguchia_meli
denovo494603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo47552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo228535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo395445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo228530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo439717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo390653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo284576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo234058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo390655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo20084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo492890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo430678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo441719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo64438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria pleurospora
denovo24972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo35418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo384161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo318710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo60956	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo245649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo318717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo318719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo318718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo308923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo308925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo211423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo211427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo211426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo23197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo237728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo477313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo366316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo281714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Scolecobasidium	Scolecobasidium constrictum
denovo328369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo88585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo57460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo388809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo438042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo118578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo29101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo249766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo29105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo29106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo223440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo223443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo223444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo272313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149117	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo135152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo149111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo38269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo61603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo494073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria fragilis
denovo415608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Cercosporella	Cercosporella virgaureae
denovo435690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Cyathicula	Cyathicula culmicola
denovo121768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo188610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo495458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales
denovo208279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo140239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo208275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo208271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo71660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo340990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo8477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo6117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudogymnoascus	Pseudogymnoascus appendiculatus
denovo22617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo463243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo163146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo163147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo163140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo418257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo338090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo308358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo356505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo38486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo386097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Onygenaceae
denovo284698	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo66389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo386092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo11155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo63064	Fungi
denovo225844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo137842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo35895	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo332140	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo470350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo159745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo350906	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo338329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo338326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Podosphaera	Erysiphaceae
denovo314357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo337517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo491443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo338320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo338321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo406362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo147617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo147618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo25750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo20500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo20507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Heterospora	Heterospora dimorphospora
denovo143764	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo25759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo214278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo143768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo143769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo409050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo371956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo467334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo181896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo467339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo199943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo341734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo199947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo199946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo253407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo174761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo66929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo50374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo54695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo54697	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo66922	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo195199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina rehmii
denovo153792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo131195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo131196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo50378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo44461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo394643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo44469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo67038	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo452972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo54822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascobolaceae
denovo416726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo212262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo80238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo212269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo363225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo214855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo81911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo339057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo339056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo214858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo269572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo180276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo180278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia changbaiensis
denovo385010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo385011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo81910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo261381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo142492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Myxotrichaceae
denovo261382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo26224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo26226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo392529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo325902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo325903	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo349102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo80580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo265603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo15186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo390017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo390014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entolomataceae
denovo395063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo395064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo395065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Celosporium
denovo407549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo340468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo479284	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo139507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo196411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo407544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo310304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo132429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo425880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia changbaiensis
denovo354378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo95365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo132422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo5924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo45733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo5920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_secalis
denovo255803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo187134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo418491	Fungi
denovo186267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo47466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo28999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo293900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo180852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo158828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo28990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo28991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo28992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo28993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo489082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Phelloriniaceae	Phellorinia	Phellorinia herculeana
denovo175380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo425380	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes	Monoblepharidales	Oedogoniomycetaceae	Oedogoniomyces
denovo365865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo482963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo482968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo458430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo268718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo378323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma herbarum
denovo211984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo410399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo399193	Fungi
denovo259001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo481707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Ceriporia
denovo259004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo263525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo391768	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo443839	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo259008	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo354595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo222185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo193628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Inocybe
denovo137069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo288675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo316462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo169953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales
denovo400011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo400016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo400017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo73543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo485462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo336402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo295686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon lividum
denovo295685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo295683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo133777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo295681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo224925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo151556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo483702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo353745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo432025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo353743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo432021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo203918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo28332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo483708	Fungi
denovo109054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo296346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo206855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo242023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Hyaloriaceae	Protodontia	Protodontia piceicola
denovo155420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo296340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo327679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo307450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo175969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula anamorphosa
denovo297678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo318059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo179050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo1970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo55649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo369510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo474947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo418144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo474945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo474944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Septoria	Septoria urticae
denovo158172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo128145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo477412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo293279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella phragmitis
denovo158178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo477418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo189203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo189202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Verticillium	Verticillium longisporum
denovo486284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo189205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo72258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo254448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo405795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo405792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo114677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo114678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo327560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo250566	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo51814	Fungi
denovo397685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo101689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo372170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo372173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo100303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo391024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo76002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo254995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo156026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo156020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo391027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo156029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo447999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo291695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo6522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo322849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo6520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Trichaptum	Trichaptum_abietinum
denovo447996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo447995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia mediterranea
denovo101532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo387370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo136852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo136853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo107270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Pezoloma ericae
denovo210320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo486861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo159224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo435087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo193148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo313140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo243048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Keissleriella
denovo87840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo194906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo402309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo178872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo283814	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo395858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo37272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo83326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo297591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo395850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo215664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo403652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo181349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo445296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo445295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo425033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo192501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo407933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo192505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo192506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo376210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo2314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo201648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo201649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo2311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo201647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo201644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo201645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo445740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo126840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo256596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo69089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo429169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo11217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo11216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo429164	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo184321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo84211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
denovo475224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo475226	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo157046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo239496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo398231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo84219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales
denovo218787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Meruliaceae	Bjerkandera	Bjerkandera adusta
denovo239493	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo247420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo218662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo284517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo103597	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales	Olpidiaceae	Olpidium	Olpidium brassicae
denovo25258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo25259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo480421	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo320142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo431701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo214132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo153962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo432846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo25256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo25257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Isaria	Isaria farinosa
denovo344758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo439815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo323497	Fungi
denovo344750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo87846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo387946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo202345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo471109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo123504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo99000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo70120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo283275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo446218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo242873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo446216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Helgardia	Helgardia anguioides
denovo475481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo62714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo187676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo309503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo309500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo244321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo420976	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo408303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo478221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo470051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo128991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo118774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo128999	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo273009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo118772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo65097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo117717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo78099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo459361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo267035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo267034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo267037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Eutypa leptoplaca
denovo374108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo156031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo492188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Xylomyces
denovo427477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo287951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo207397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo9920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Geastrales
denovo371888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae	Guehomyces	Guehomyces pullulans
denovo371889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo371883	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo122361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo493698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo402882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo138904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo111386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense
denovo138901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo433039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo413445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo322456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo329404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo329406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo343194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema nemorosus
denovo343190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo245055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo34215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo34212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo167000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo167002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo167009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo51123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo477882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo477880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo473505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo411743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo303285	Fungi
denovo173032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo478633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo408876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo163782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo163781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae
denovo458093	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo63194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo333783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo208700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo421738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo421739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo31193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo19743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo421730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo369315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo369314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala scopiformis
denovo423380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo423382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo423384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo471060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo148267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo209254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo209259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo209258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo54571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo166663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo166660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo488931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo458547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius rigens
denovo271317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo70201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo271310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo162781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo186635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo65904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo382468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo347479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo121107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo347474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo126331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo126332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo274921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo384708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo428460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo308766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo120271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo91269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo174562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo34965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo304810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo401514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo401517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo345832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria longissima
denovo387170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo462474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo370309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo60368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo118802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo339699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo339698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo99810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinus silvaticus
denovo339690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo339692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo339697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo125732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae	Cystofilobasidium	Cystofilobasidium macerans
denovo424813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo85938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo20578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo112296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum abnorme
denovo83062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo160928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo227974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo340265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo87269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo87265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo87260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo87263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo484132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo299334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo452194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo299339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo33606	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo287165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo331922	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo197702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo311818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo37733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo467646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo469561	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo469567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo431060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leohumicola	Leohumicola_minima
denovo237513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo225233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo345163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo225234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo310495	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo229565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo310499	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo394278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo229562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo132193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo132192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo495763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo465641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo436870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo436872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo59950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Thermoascaceae	Byssochlamys	Byssochlamys spectabilis
denovo59953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo309990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Verticillium
denovo300240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo416251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ciliciopodium	Ciliciopodium_brevipes
denovo416257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo13024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo171046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo491989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo451553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo440679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo61107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo89142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo422824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo305391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo216748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo485664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo266029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo80739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo266021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo263051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo211218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo391217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo391216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hirsutella vermicola
denovo391213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo434952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae	Phialemonium	Phialemonium atrogriseum
denovo191465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo222619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo437584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo154435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo416878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo267998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo387270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo94340	Fungi
denovo22784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Helgardia
denovo149636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo123196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo256608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo494418	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo38384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo23430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo23437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo144446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothioraceae	Sydowia	Sydowia polyspora
denovo134924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo144443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo36955	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo53166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo28657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo492818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo450689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo76247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo241749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo454597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo454594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo24789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo304040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo438062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo438063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella candolleana
denovo241745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo112439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo177058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo185211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo251900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo172020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo112433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Bryochiton	Bryochiton monascus
denovo112435	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo251906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo267371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo173997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo173993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massariosphaeria
denovo173990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Filobasidiella
denovo21495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo1193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo16507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo448708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo173999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo321439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo88790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo321432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo495561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo112386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo66226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo66220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo66221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo331858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo112389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo29370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo39923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo272506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo272505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo29379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo188791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo21815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Pilocarpaceae	Byssoloma	Byssoloma subdiscordans
denovo69566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo69564	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo227145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo69561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo329114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo331851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora foliicola
denovo148141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo452749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pachnocybales	Pachnocybaceae	Pachnocybe	Pachnocybe ferruginea
denovo349646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo313434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo198933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo93655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo397213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo342320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo217826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo6643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo173373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo291455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo55842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo246589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo82440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo169086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo59175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
denovo59179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo78154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo130665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo133489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo91964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo67178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo2888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo417393	Fungi
denovo176828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo166509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo91968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo169337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Holtermanniella	Holtermanniella_takashimae
denovo356719	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo181463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo97702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo356711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo148630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo214334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo47650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo120752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo210651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo25492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo261024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo217759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo398679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo366990	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo264056	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Rhizophlyctidaceae	Rhizophlyctis	Rhizophlyctis rosea
denovo264057	Fungi
denovo183827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo278044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo3685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo295315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo263885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo247236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo263881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo212657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo34785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo426312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo54714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo7594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Gymnostellatospora	Gymnostellatospora japonica
denovo38207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo238032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo238037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo38201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo315877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo315875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo349317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo141400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo468313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo398299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo240632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo31810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo240634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo216885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo389137	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo324263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo153185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Keissleriella
denovo324269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo44695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo4482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo45567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo45560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo175021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo416115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo46185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo435920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo170054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo427672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales
denovo42697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo418841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis corniculata
denovo42695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo153237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo395180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo153231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena speirea
denovo492116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo440993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe mixtilis
denovo407665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo440991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo117266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo484279	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo142269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo79876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo484276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo142261	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo86824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo86825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo86826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo322291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo433231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo150526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo150527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo232132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo232134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo154630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Scutellinia	Scutellinia scutellata
denovo232138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo469047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo245697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo395236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo47585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo47586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo399521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo487059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo241584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo241587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo241586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo475978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo475971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo475970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo442834	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
denovo42039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo355670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo418264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo129136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo176591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo53878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo154180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo176592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo410455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo176598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo410451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Mycoleptodiscus
denovo117848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo443970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo388777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo51199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo169857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo55433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo163813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo246915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo182224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo246918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo151699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo263319	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo371411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo218045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo263310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo263312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo48787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo362452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo351978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo362450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo379640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo380030	Fungi
denovo351977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo379649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo17370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo50384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo86792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo86790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo353531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo128266	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulosporaceae
denovo92547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo353538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo128268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo369018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Itersonilia	Itersonilia pannonica
denovo283456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo361221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo296139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo446476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo446477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo194208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo198582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo402402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo198587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo194206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo32531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo195159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales
denovo32534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo32536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Typhulaceae
denovo406980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo406986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo252720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo254015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo426406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo177318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo312420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo312423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo477608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo473424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo72424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo72422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo365104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo365101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo404699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo257568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo405185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo405184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo373925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo250718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo250719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo250714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo250715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo429286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Lecanora	Lecanora sambuci
denovo206896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo476312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo206895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo87462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo82495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo451797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo76212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo443129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Atheliaceae
denovo364479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo275501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo368766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo368765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo102136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo258275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo258276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo219870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Microascus	Microascus longicollis
denovo219875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo395955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo446436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo178280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo273903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo330507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo363889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo210517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Budhanggurabania	Budhanggurabania cynodonticola
denovo237351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo210511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo237353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo325684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo74430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo426881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo360689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo426883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo111996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo127204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo360680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo257386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo127208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo257380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo487740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo282467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo445469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
denovo157173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomium globosum
denovo445465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo445467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena speirea
denovo445462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo464861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo320331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo61349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo431511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo434746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo434748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo41097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Stereaceae	Amylostereum	Stereaceae
denovo438631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo33728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo285851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo72135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaeta
denovo373076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo325671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo64640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo181141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo377970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo181143	Fungi
denovo167906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo421836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo184519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo184514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo184516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo65118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo184510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Gomphidiaceae	Chroogomphus	Chroogomphus rutilus
denovo426264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo110480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera
denovo82633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo284683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo344095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo126555	Fungi
denovo74216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo113288	Fungi
denovo41217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo358080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo116676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo336909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora
denovo81858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo266590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo99799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo266594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo117108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo362863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo461096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo119856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo277370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo328656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo328655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo328654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo328659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo328658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo383272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo125119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo383275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo82254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo461545	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo267174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo267170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo280734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo332370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo381692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo35374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo90786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo113821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo451855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo474723	Fungi
denovo63874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo63871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo204588	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo119277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo204581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo433711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo335241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo300839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo111461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo235465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo235467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo279624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo203602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo207584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo288359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo271431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo359025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo77978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo73298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo279306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
denovo271438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo357027	Fungi
denovo357024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo357025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo204054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo204055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo275993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo332596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo108941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo108940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo275998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo394859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo138714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo382581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo173170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo312700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo382588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo173178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo333424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo422996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo422995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo63257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo95480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo422998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo406347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo34020	Fungi
denovo122669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Dothiorella	Dothiorella vidmadera
denovo8821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo319945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo492696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo299810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo57603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo299815	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo121316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo382632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo472440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo472441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo393603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo271255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Polysporina
denovo124790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo375040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae	Globulicium	Globulicium hiemale
denovo163592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo375043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo260333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo346795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo260335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo92178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo271297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo453299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo5984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo453295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo228390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo161994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo161992	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo161999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo18005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo460313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Hyalorbilia	Hyalorbilia juliae
denovo226940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo18006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo350552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo488748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo488746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo488747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo488745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo337941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo337940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo60757	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo439300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo386788	Fungi
denovo490924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo423644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo330990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo330993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo236478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo236477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo286194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo387032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo220392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo264523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo335541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo264527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo264524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo264525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo264528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo264529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella tricincta
denovo221442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Auriculariales	Auriculariales_incertae_sedis
denovo193325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo468552	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo341305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo91096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo491345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo393000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo64981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales
denovo393007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo174333	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo304661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo174336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo174334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo464410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo461043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma yunnanense
denovo165294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo473288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo323652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo196662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo139392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo139393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo306295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo196669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo404958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo137252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo193495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo141174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo197134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo137259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo193498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo468887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo255435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Mollisia
denovo13787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo13780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo62660	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo306741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Neophaeomoniella	Neophaeomoniella niveniae
denovo415801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo484075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo10783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo10785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo255382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo255383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo255380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo262204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo14201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo64326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo198150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo318224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo422209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo300166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo422204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo58236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo422202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo448593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo310750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo88429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo225379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo436938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo354703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo354700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo354701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo135042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo135043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo436930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo436932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo22628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo485031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo290227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo289750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo494593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo289752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo289754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo421800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo494594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo145211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo130705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo410291	Fungi
denovo410297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo224992	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo399090	Fungi
denovo399092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo109227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo294768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo305218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae
denovo461934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo341717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo318485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo39227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo176205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo176202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo415114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo307502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo307506	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo315221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo12120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo136660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo341719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo478071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo319579	Fungi
denovo17571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo18780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo482029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeria slovacica
denovo18784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae	Remispora	Remispora stellata
denovo62869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo17578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo62867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo450276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo450274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo378861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo211004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta gigantospora
denovo211002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo28744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo8364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Beltraniaceae	Hemibeltrania
denovo109489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo44449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo222807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo222809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo254088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo24660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo341888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema	Sistotrema
denovo326753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo18879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo353049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo158508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo224400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales
denovo356598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo247882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo461591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo7804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo108689	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo316755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo316754	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes
denovo108680	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo108684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo412044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales
denovo108687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo246289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo405345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo405347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo454388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo35035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo454385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo290847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo8588	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo195421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo148335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo147105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo312996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo189585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo25043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo185003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo189583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Echria
denovo316281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo411919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sarea	Sarea_resinae
denovo142889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces nectairei
denovo201030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo454036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo454031	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales
denovo201039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala moniliae
denovo255180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo227266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Tranzscheliella	Tranzscheliella williamsii
denovo476903	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo206560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo374978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo50460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo70378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo361977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo50468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectria ramulariae
denovo60548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo82961	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo65492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo357347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo96352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo96356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo357340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
denovo106358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo448412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo213402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo255820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo246421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo130085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo152289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo471445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo471444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo314666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo130089	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo238170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo238173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo289085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo188235	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo26532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo458847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo317158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
denovo458840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo169277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo256327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo378073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo140656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo181789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo3276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo314595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo44552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Sordariales
denovo44553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo44556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo196303	Fungi
denovo146763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo407252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo407255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo407256	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo443420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo376571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurophragmium
denovo243551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo291072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo291076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo334188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo73731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo187400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo187407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo212754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo212756	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo263929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo87917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo82841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo110133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo269441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo269446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo261272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo233149	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo155819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo114834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo114835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo377198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo377199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo78207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces
denovo78209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo377196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo114839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo320648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo232813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo216927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo232819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo348746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo216928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo143301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo143302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo270122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo95079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo5895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae
denovo141230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo400701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo46024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo27378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo381921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo27370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo190887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo245247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo190883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo440818	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo186753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Sporidiobolales
denovo6745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo177922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo242737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo347993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo351585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo303672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo327167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo291920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo52281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo52282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo370645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo427000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo363605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo474259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo418653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo56870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo395370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo395373	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo182927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo203048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pseudeurotiaceae
denovo189916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo189915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo446880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo93234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo446889	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo86614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo114165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo78970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo391424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Scleroconidioma	Scleroconidioma sphagnicola
denovo138559	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
denovo282207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo256995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo282208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo328926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo98746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo215513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo158999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo489964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo105928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo156734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo156733	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo472289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo138085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Entodesmium
denovo138084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo138087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo382030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo138081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo138080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo129305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo302100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo6816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo433799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo433798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo154397	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo154393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo16203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo154391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo409557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo128650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Ophiostoma
denovo293568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo395007	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium	Corticium boreoroseum
denovo33090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo479165	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo464801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo479160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo479168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo405665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo37962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo40461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo283553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo372481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo399294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo372486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo72091	Fungi
denovo251671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo71548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo92720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma multicystidium
denovo484358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales
denovo71541	Fungi
denovo250104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo71545	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo71546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo328071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo103453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo369603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Peniophorella	Peniophorella_echinocystis
denovo103459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Stagonospora	Stagonospora foliicola
denovo484351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo87054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo107567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo30614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo327682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo83737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo83736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae
denovo481180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo230439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo230438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo83730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo280117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo37346	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo230431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo37340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo408736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo240809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo49348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo439027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo67992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo431233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae
denovo292487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo431238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo430401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo67996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo258330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo405093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300615	Fungi
denovo67822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo126962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo442439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo429099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo304508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo429095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo256467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo123309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo65838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo209962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo209961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo124236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales
denovo65835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo335039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo75045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo335036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo55938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo434465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo434463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo434468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo273718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo23111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo3330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo380300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo438772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo368269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystobasidiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystobasidiomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo368266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo465211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo147398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo329803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo297011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo129887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo287665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo3335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo336715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo366396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraphoma chrysanthemicola
denovo494866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo427945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo433898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo1727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo336718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo339831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo281790	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo281792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo339836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo339838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo460538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo40598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo385876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo385872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo229260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo161711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo475393	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo1097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo184499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo63931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo149192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo171942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo308343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo266416	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Cunninghamellaceae	Absidia	Mucoraceae
denovo65301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo266410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo167719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo34728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo303996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo74028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo475647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Calosphaeriales	Calosphaeriaceae	Jattaea
denovo475648	Fungi
denovo437826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo202054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo260816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo357031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo385990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo118317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo260818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo97246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo356235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo356236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo356237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
denovo319738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cercophora	Cercophora mirabilis
denovo312288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas cyathoideum
denovo229846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiellus tricolor
denovo229847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo229844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo465966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo89678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89679	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo385999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo35231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo385998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo249671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo318972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo38403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo224170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo247714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo38400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo276670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo356581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo432855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo493844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus brevipes
denovo247719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe geophylla
denovo383022	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo452145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo383025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo278948	Fungi
denovo303333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo303330	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo347368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo347369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo300977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo300970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo300973	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo280941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo69489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo69488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo474119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo413683	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo474115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo174812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo54562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo54563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo54560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo58412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo54568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo357189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo209140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo357180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo96192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala oligosperma
denovo459700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo357187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo462367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo67305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo272970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo67302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo166396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo422819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo152743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo338010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo338011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo338012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo458254	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo389209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo168250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo168257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo245821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo42156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo91535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo450823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo450821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo492713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Glomosporiaceae	Thecaphora	Thecaphora thlaspeos
denovo382773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Elaphomycetaceae	Elaphomyces	Elaphomyces muricatus
denovo349639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo124059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo124057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales
denovo264228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo305470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo305471	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo413022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo305474	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Sonoraphlyctidaceae	Sonoraphlyctis	Sonoraphlyctis ranzonii
denovo305475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo91971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo341405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo341404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo334024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo334020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo196142	Fungi
denovo278058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo146567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo462583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo385093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo142412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo142411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo299608	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo142417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo480393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo21235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo349185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo91530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo166976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo60657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo60656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo252758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo196493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo310380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo310385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo412641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo412642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodospora
denovo301206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo10424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo261473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo338908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo18210	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo18212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo170229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo72052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo338901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo489798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo96208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo14505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo64826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo265571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo14503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo348580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo134690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo14509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo481255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo270138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo217505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo193514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo288360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria proteae
denovo316973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo137351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo141032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo400543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo137358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo400549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Sordaria	Sordaria fimicola
denovo421997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma novozealandica
denovo265680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo174105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo174101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo398644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo140920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo140924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo469273	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo389548	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo464602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo469274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo327363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo191910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo132201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo484555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo396559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo351748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Glomerellaceae
denovo95509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo465557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo465554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo495875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo197363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae
denovo400093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Atheliaceae	Amphinema
denovo311476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo300152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo300153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo112958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo399292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo179760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo290239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo418410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo456281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo456282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo410645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo171577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo456286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo311482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo456288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo451064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo52511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella
denovo183508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo255196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo255192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo255191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo365978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo212954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia mediterranea
denovo352412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo168535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo168536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo168537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo456759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo469496	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo171684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo171685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo456750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo171687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo399114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo399115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo399110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo211901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo462799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo451394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo267869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo482259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo3590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo352213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo93223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo352215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo51898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo478140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo289547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo483789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo483788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo248925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo101600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo136586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Elaphomycetaceae	Elaphomyces	Elaphomyces muricatus
denovo440740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo356916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo136582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo483786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo483784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Unguicularia	Unguicularia carestiana
denovo493433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo293766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium lycopodinum
denovo144978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo399205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo404733	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo238729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo229105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo249030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo326548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo292490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo29462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo194632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo49376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo188886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massariaceae	Massaria	Massaria aucupariae
denovo254737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo326545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo326544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo447912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo186959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo186952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo186950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo294269	Fungi
denovo451932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo319723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo319722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo319720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudogymnoascus	Pseudogymnoascus appendiculatus
denovo185901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo200223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo319729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo200220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo185908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo51278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria anchiala
denovo51275	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo312869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria pleurospora
denovo257131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo351156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales
denovo424134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo173865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo245831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo493362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo445213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo115542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo253834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo253832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo75424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo90845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo107762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo76080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo493363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo107768	Fungi
denovo249090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo316152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes
denovo195580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo321012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo181371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo224231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo321016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo218556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo214425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo312814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo312815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo7614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo100266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo292152	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo427210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo7618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo189421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces radicicola
denovo189420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo5287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo316123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo141801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo489876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo2061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae
denovo292145	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo292144	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo411893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo193986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hymenogaster rubyensis
denovo193985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo47982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo147313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo442636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo406000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo151836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo147319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo337400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo258884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo283144	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo192588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo379961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo41202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo467732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo192580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo296648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo76873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo5757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo443321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo3885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo443324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo443327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo444674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo181593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Erysiphe	Erysiphaceae
denovo324796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo206331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo206334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo253168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo206338	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo210943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo180424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo241998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo44180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo446294	Fungi
denovo241992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo399937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus	Hymenoscyphus tetracladius
denovo290744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia	Hyphodontia arguta
denovo397185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo331022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo295511	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo322728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo403027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo212547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo219734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo81778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo366150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo268922	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo273083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo219738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo438147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo146046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo407350	Fungi
denovo146042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Stropharia coronilla
denovo241660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo79363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo102641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leohumicola	Leohumicola_minima
denovo241664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo285423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo241666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo358486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo41319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo243296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella
denovo244012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo244013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo487663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo6227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo289930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo289931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo401636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo41313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo167555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo445980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo238457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo371801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo184947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo127177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo475408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo155990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo155994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo45275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo309584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo45271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo167089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo167088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo186542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo167085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodosporidiobolus	Rhodosporidiobolus colostri
denovo19875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo167080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo53362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo477809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo110307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo110301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo426563	Fungi
denovo373523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo477804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo233751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo242675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo233758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo353935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo419225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena amicta
denovo336083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo46433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo115932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo234905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo411909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo200963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Vuilleminiaceae	Vuilleminia	Vuilleminia cystidiata
denovo73193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo157749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo332707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo332701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo157742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula
denovo244906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo46616	Fungi
denovo32937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Ascochyta phacae
denovo32930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo240212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo240211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo198603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo240214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo74846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo4147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo128750	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo128751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo409295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo411110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo404074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo283965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo404072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo236227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo242502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
denovo242508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo56292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo483432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo286309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo472679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo416320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora
denovo472675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo121189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo378609	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo64504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo378605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo477114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo162075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo372721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae
denovo209435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo453647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo424542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo424541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo424546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo72112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo220054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo56299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo138328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo428464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Pseudoseptoria	Pseudoseptoria obscura
denovo474351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo370389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo51317	Fungi
denovo154219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo337751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo120582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo333079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo120586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo334225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo334224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo275038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo299445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo299444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo299447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber	Tuber pseudoexcavatum
denovo30796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo334228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo382205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo156503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo435614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo49630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo156509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo472093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo458069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo235755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo428798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo496388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo375498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo428792	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo375492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo428795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo346341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo381950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo490392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrella laricina
denovo371385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo490393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo451154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo37836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo231997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo231996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo402024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo135637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo127919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo127918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo373899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo373898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo484048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo463343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo19594	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo110887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo400218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo371038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo301771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo161038	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo301776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo264975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo161035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo124466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo221018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo124464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo309919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo406742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormiella	Sporormiella leporina
denovo274345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo309912	Fungi
denovo19048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo19046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo19047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo19044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo19045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo19043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo19040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo19041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo369473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma obtusiforme
denovo234484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo234487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo422498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo426975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Geoglossum	Geoglossaceae
denovo75236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo360118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo75230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta
denovo331346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo360117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo367720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo75238	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo488259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo488252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo488256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Melanoctona	Melanoctona tectonae
denovo488257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo22471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo228479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo271830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo439610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo22477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo433345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Comoclathris sedi
denovo234153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo335513	Fungi
denovo434054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo434057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo41560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo238863	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Ceriporiopsis	Ceriporiopsis subsphaerospora
denovo397195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo454362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo344258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo170975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo384205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae
denovo483709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo160344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo160341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo304330	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo12371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo12370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo61188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo61186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Stropharia coronilla
denovo61183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo450604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo85443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo366454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo337645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo366451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo69170	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo165830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo464956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo464951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo281054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo281053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo464958	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo79008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo388929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo23703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo285748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo79000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium psychroaquaticum
denovo388922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo89	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo382982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae
denovo28138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo382980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo223568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo277067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo223562	Fungi
denovo21411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo153633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo69079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo490023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo460704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo145570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo149010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo145577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyosporium	Dictyosporium digitatum
denovo460703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo415522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo88713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo270871	Fungi	Aphelidiomycota	Aphelidiomycetes	Gs16
denovo415529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo38306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo479818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo438250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo303818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo87765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo303813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo479815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo51072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo188712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo109447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo493020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo436367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo59241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Rachicladosporium
denovo241616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo59245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae	Variospora	Variospora velana
denovo109448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo79359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo266603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta africana
denovo144190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo119744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo119742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo114205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo69699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo163067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo458357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo224035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo260607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo260605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo271580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo476785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo386190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo386191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo11058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo453982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo453984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo453985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella avenacea
denovo483669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Hydnodontaceae
denovo134305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo159026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo137964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo24164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo24167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152675	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo279201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Symmetrosporaceae	Symmetrospora	Symmetrospora_vermiculata
denovo279200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo166581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo406246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo195871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo287224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo356797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo271053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo356792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo54245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo386226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo319876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo143647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo143646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo319872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo319871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo386221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo58597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo58596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo172606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo172600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Tephrocybe anthracophila
denovo391935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo436909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo57912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo462284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo26999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo148858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo53851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo314161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo295391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo148854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo295392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo174601	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo348955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo168350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo453329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo50032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo456139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo453324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo165581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo310881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo450988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo310883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo417319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo310887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo96785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo413888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia
denovo165053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo50123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo407192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo146683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo410242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo269233	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo357446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo41903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo10092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo385756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo10096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo434211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo385750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo410241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo468068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo221978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo325822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Diplogelasinospora
denovo325821	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo325827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo26148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Teloschistales
denovo350793	Fungi
denovo440167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo265721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo101398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo445997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo395106	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo101393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo196755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo139268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo340634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo196753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo445999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo139260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo294445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo294442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo294440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo294441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo392778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo252091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo354235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo252097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo455448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo455446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo419646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo354238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo392776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo467568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo141482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo4562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta gigantospora
denovo349391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo56797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo307905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo467562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo298147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo53566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo145907	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo382854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo390688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo28890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo446182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo407955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo402811	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo178604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo178601	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo226526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo169582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo169581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo416193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo393794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo262514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo212036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo262510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo262513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo262512	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo12638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps
denovo171720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo99765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo171724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo479042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo396453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo100444	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
denovo391481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo217713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo100440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo217710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo193705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo17042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo400356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo400350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo56133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo4907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo355545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo355541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo188142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Rhodosporidiobolus colostri
denovo94558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo290378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo290379	Fungi
denovo418591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo263395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo109397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo356894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo432107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo28277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo242346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo55545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo155506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo155508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo188144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo63504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo3980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo413777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo477357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus confertus
denovo404505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo477353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo404501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo7223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo109648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo477358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Mollisia
denovo441460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo46758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo450169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo405516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiella	Mrakiella_aquatica
denovo323992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo72359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo314996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo194283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo314993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo405458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo289667	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo289661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo289663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo318640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo486492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo73864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo63503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo415142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo171209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo86177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo156349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo449655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo258145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo250795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo397414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo395486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo16020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena strobilinoidea
denovo349800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo8546	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo101472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo101473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo136794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo263122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Phaeomoniella
denovo107133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo107136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo357859	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo443038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo96843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo357854	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo194867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo402222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo282175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo477468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo402229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo243126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo245976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo45811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo445396	Fungi
denovo115667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo245979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales
denovo445391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo315642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo406907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Alpinaria	Alpinaria rhododendri
denovo456854	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo192420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo2212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo2215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo257304	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo257301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo325367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo471681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo398941	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo256655	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo256656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo70869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo221428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo361400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo50959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo252933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo106264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo89704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo331186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo201453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo201457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo311071	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo201455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo126882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo284639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina	Taphrina carnea
denovo18572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo151970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo151972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo218743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo284635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo284637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo214672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo25356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo441106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo288982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo325585	Fungi
denovo288980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo288981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo288984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo288985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo239605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo358009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo78736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo471023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Cuphophyllus
denovo314202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo160186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo284186	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo442860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo284181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo99018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo446154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo44067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo446153	Fungi
denovo446152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo244209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo418567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo363122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo366299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo366298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo32014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo478302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo206109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo444425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo116585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo366297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo366296	Fungi
denovo465644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo154478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo113050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo273329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo154474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo328133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo269178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo184597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo184590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo353442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae
denovo184593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo75746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo285583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo473948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo219501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo235975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo336325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo372885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo320952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo203573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo118185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo118182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo207056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo73749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo207058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo323609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo323608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo33941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo117184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo243469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo243465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo74843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo327984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo99908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo322553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo97669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo90243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophoraceae
denovo245158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo245153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo380071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia
denovo245155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo167320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo385585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo98054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo98050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo90246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo74841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo30717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo20126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo481538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo413277	Fungi
denovo466097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo466098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo458193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo413279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo208627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo120957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo19629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Torrendiella	Torrendiella eucalypti
denovo19625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo31092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo369210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo473799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo473793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo473792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Physalospora	Physalospora vaccinii
denovo373754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo204503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo72832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo200880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo204506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo200884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo105184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo200889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo488879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo208999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo481702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo337492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo337494	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo488876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo208992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo271213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328896	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo86253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo271219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo151156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula pruinosa
denovo54170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo466276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo303740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo492562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo492564	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo304138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo467830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo126071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo346065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo31639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo31638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo491036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo346063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo174445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe acutoconica
denovo409465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo31637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo31636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo409463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo304912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo128544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo439380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo160084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo129412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo286117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo302830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo42439	Fungi
denovo374939	Fungi
denovo462737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium ovale
denovo120040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Bispora	Bispora antennata
denovo120045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo59234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo134795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo306213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo125675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Extremus	Extremus antarcticus
denovo161914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus influorescens
denovo43577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo383542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo428610	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo310067	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo220572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo220574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo135770	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo77002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo463062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo463068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo340034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo422289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo302634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo345002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo394536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina	Taphrina kruchii
denovo380819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Barrmaelia macrospora
denovo305746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo305740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo465727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo465726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo221194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo221193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo59859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo301981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo229793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo441285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo385361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo36076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo423881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo423885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo305293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo221228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo305297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo485744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo305298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo221224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo488592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo381448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo5586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo216028	Fungi
denovo263154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo451760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo309527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo354966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo354967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo354968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo344352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo18705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo488041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo444566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo121804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo488046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Bullera crocea
denovo123098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Pleosporaceae
denovo439406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo471736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo145291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo145296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetidae	Lecideales	Lecideaceae
denovo222888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Agaricales	Inocybaceae
denovo222883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo222882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo222880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo437716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo437715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo458001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo492910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo437718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo384016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo341805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo468409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo318405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo265876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo265873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo265871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo415199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo58816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo171251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo304168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo415191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo58811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo177156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo185552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo414248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo393636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo251822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo171410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo450411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Calathella	Calathella_mangrovei
denovo21596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo16628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo158238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Naevala
denovo109408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo270934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Botrytis	Botrytis porri
denovo270936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo158236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia adeliensis
denovo158237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
denovo453820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo112264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo112267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo392158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo9454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436449	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo9450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo29039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo392156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo1302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellaceae	Cantharellus
denovo171877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo469980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo469982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo321263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Tetrapyrgos	Tetrapyrgos subdendrophora
denovo34694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Malasseziomycetes	Malasseziales	Malasseziaceae	Malassezia	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo247801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo97086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo158588	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo374124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo220908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo220909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo313572	Fungi
denovo492005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo349928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo130005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo96158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo349923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo413731	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo130002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo374122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo340866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium
denovo199161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo14910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo340862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo86572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo8506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo77128	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo456810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo342597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo51554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo51555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo51556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo490193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo6079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo51558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo368476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo181703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo356612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo449241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo449242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo356616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo449246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo153806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales
denovo66492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo214073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo402368	Fungi
denovo67723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo67720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo67727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo10110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo213229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae
denovo91660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo13461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo148959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria caricicola
denovo338434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo338435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo54453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo295217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo315937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo315935	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo462079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo25622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo264641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo349217	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo377115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris cynodontis
denovo50208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus curtus
denovo179446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo50202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo27662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo143387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo143380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo168411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo389078	Fungi
denovo196382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo196380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo184753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo184751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo184759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo427739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo170396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo175143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo175142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo444153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo170398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo240065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo240066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo80349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo363359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo440896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo153375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo101216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo407785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo146494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo87844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo392639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo142389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo117346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo142384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo427086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo170644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora chaetospira
denovo216347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo363684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
denovo363687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo369993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo96362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo315062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo136421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo136420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo136422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo83261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo407439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo252661	Fungi
denovo285153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo388383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo142034	Fungi
denovo323374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo495366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo45604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo475836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo433461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo322021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo322027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo150776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo93538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo282282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo297103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo154062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo297104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo154066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo440272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo297108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo245429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo102212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo388038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo338902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo404202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Stylonectria wegeliniana
denovo419384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo419385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo52207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo178474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo183038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo183036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo183034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo183032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo183030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo418035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo478749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo6899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo176722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo268408	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo93429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo26319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo451406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo263455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo268407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo268406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo379721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo81561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo379728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Fenestellaceae	Fenestella	Fenestella ostryae
denovo76824	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo448353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo76821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo288703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo17235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo482549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo86696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo115253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo115252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo115255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo336612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo483631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo103102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo103100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo401492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Macrohilum	Macrohilum_eucalypti
denovo99678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo48111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo486046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo155336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo398735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Tremellodendropsidales
denovo486041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo71002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo30123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo194124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo413469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo29951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Phallales	Gastrosporiaceae	Gastrosporium	Gastrosporium simplex
denovo389693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo326251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo326250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo405559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo195295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo92378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo195297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo195296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo293309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo353363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo321706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo321707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo128033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo379180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo379183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo177457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo177455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo251580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo296764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo189331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo451789	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs11
denovo292659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo114704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo198717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo198716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo51965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo257402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo205166	Fungi
denovo80417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo195749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo162954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo281679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo76315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo72677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo200609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo361655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo376988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo98986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo98980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo340217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo477200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo376982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo444989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo376987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo428362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo250182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo361659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo395694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo215063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia terricola
denovo215062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo333956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo273827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo206602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo87638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo206600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo273823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo210258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo364640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo345244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo364642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo364643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo364647	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo435178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo68842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo275792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella fabae
denovo435171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo102760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo52430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo435177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo435176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo287559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo282708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo472979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo282702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo487020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo287557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo325287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo199449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo325289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera
denovo47293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo445583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Paraphoma
denovo479647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo154884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo407849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo154881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo192215	Fungi
denovo192216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo154889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo476151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo329889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo373139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo2400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo2402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo205831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo375983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo62902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo297977	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo268189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo445632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo51504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo445638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo167826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo61572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo61577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo325440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo61579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo259910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Xylomyces
denovo161799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo105238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo274447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo74310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo283079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo480558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo273795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo283075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo273796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo273790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo228825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo68152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo362942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo343780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo119955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo119952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo286731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo82228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo425810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo496581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo343787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo381264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo277232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo381260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo336795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo370444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella
denovo370442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo320569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo103971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo371029	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo103977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
denovo215098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo149267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo284390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo149268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo242900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo125018	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo125010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo323036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_finlandica
denovo323037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo62006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo121921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo280672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo444217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo32226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo408016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo113946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena amabilissima
denovo85094	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo294083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo167799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo167797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo167793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo426038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo374219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo374212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo267720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo436288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo272463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo277490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo436285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo436281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo343355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo69400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Panaeolus papilionaceus
denovo474190	Fungi
denovo69407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo474193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
denovo439704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo77837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo118396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo203727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo118391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo359147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo156906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo359144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo359143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo359141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo204713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo357100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo89896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo204717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo424075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo332491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo492248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo349771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo305964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo433100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo150431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo459388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo305969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo282786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo452297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo333544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo422896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo333542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo333541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo19980	Fungi
denovo34106	Fungi
denovo127516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo473611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo492792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo342757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis corniculata
denovo231133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo385543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo121212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo121210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo408907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo121215	Fungi
denovo63069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo302462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae
denovo129026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo166461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo302467	Fungi
denovo63062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo129028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo458780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo492417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo94531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo208818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo208819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo80512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo66651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo66658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo305079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo10354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo18168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo10356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo15189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo350453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum nudipes
denovo463453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo338637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo338631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo14853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo14850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo425388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo260189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo14854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo278327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo334536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo339323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo339322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo330895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo339326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo387375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo334538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo221520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo221523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo341224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo491268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo34817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo123501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo304707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo348504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo348506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo299688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo462501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo345904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo345905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo417722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
denovo468763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo416093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo230775	Fungi
denovo416097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo393691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo454926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo249938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo228362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo125828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo220439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo464687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo80651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Royoungia	Royoungia boletoides
denovo125824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Thelebolaceae	Thelebolus	Thelebolus globosus
denovo217238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo15451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo362596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo264401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo264400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo264403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Phellinus	Hymenochaetaceae
denovo362597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo255261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo362594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo255269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo160855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo160854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo454691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo216187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo210116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo490136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo88306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo394476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo88304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo88301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo12869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo299022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo217047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo217583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriales_incertae_sedis
denovo217581	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo26844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
denovo331855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo26847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo217588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo331850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo228589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo133486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo289013	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucoraceae
denovo228585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo414838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo190020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo233170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo440075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo310568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo434342	Fungi
denovo423388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo434348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo301867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo132288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo301863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Plectania	Plectania melastoma
denovo388632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo388636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon utriforme
denovo236068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo135255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo305152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo170404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo135258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo298648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo149708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo274944	Fungi
denovo58990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo130595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo410023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo307421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo315305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo146828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo61037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo229186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia juniperi
denovo172803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo482708	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo183580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo428998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo488364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo202647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo482703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo488360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo183589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo339588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo403163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo115016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo491114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae	Cirrenalia	Cirrenalia macrocephala
denovo74891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo266119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo494055	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo20036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo482589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo311217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo355249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo94238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo485287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo94700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo223272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo94236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo326016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo321545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo321547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo321543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Hypomyces
denovo393900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo174543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo356463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo393907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo7921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Goidanichiella	Goidanichiella_sphaerospora
denovo312540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo7922	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo404952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo11747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo100152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo312549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo177294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo100156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo100157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo137676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo226386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina rehmii
denovo441036	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo292413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo292412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo292410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo292416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella citrina
denovo357173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo35770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo188805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo39499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo188808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo38724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo158790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo490864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo25123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo112542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo109165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo25128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo411817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo392059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo355866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo392051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo250341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo250340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo434048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo227389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo69361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo69362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo227384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo227383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo345812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo69367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo61946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo66359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo82848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo361830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo361831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo155371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo210495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo361837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo112092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria pleurospora
denovo29202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo334794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo414612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo10835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo10836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo279511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo140287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo147065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo172358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo195501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo419085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo129610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo55934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo55935	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo178218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo491677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325730	Fungi
denovo26478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo140750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo317216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo314496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo148568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo377839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo141240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo314493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo148563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo148562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo471278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo406084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo25874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo196267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo196266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Hydnodontaceae
denovo25872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo443500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo314850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo57572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo291333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo419954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo26780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo485918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo485914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo176910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo176913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo485911	Fungi
denovo181511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo116731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala fortinii
denovo480397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Calycina ellisii
denovo480396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo426658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo377253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo252253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
denovo252255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo252257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo60384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo183919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo155917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo233061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo155915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo183917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo419487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo147939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo406628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo147935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo13872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo13875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo406621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Penicillium	Penicillium citreonigrum
denovo27780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo92899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo238725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo70316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo481110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo323236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo323230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo269655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo351159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo470319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo141575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo288002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo56629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo244630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo258888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo157213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo288009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo193018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo258880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo240745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo240746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo410669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo240741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo27437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo79519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo253701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo53053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Neophaeomoniella	Neophaeomoniella niveniae
denovo248535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo248534	Fungi
denovo245325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo308107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo245326	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo389229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo460817	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo327002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo429803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo242677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo242674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo303136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo354658	Fungi
denovo242678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo45416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo46693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo244983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo175332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo446004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo46697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Naevala
denovo244987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo126620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo46694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo175338	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo411036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo474353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo80554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo254713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo80559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo218869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia	Junewangia_lamma
denovo73314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Clavicorona	Clavicorona taxophila
denovo460282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo73313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo73311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo359381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo359380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo441951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo441953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo441957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo111036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo114002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Russulaceae
denovo450638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo277967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo433343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo282360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo370078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo419330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo378680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo203256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo399415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo158892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo158895	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo151326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo151328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo388171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo105802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo94854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo352711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo352715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo129228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo445015	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo120500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo120502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo120505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo47127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo154294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Scolecobasidium	Scolecobasidium constrictum
denovo281839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo83056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo47128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo297318	Fungi
denovo443881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo249374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo189813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Septoria oenanthicola
denovo401049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo402536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo194377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo472014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo33353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo205289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo55540	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo205282	Fungi
denovo205280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo445953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Readeriella
denovo163963	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo370713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae
denovo375411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo203878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Echria	Echria macrotheca
denovo85368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo115357	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo239807	Fungi
denovo371307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo73863	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477195	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo73868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo260689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo477193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo46315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo72192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo251136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo425633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo157980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo40696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo19511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo19512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo19513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria myriocarpa
denovo369160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo110802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo361317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo48326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo48322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo155160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo107407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo486235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo159858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo159857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo292755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo156586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria
denovo159850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo280018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo479656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo439977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo364258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo45682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo32400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo421296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo284922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo284924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo284720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo234406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo210801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo254947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo254944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo101854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo258079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo476249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo258076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo444823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Oculimacula
denovo382999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Furcaspora	Furcaspora eucalypti
denovo37151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo361768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo408586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas cyathoideum
denovo256546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo70775	Fungi
denovo429190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo76356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pyrenopeziza	Pyrenopeziza brassicae
denovo70771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo422369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo98711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo367418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo79134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo219908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo219900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo219902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Stereaceae	Russulales	Stereaceae
denovo484110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae
denovo116076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo330619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo330612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo364850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo330617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo330614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo330615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo6540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilago hordei
denovo459017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo288856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala fortinii
denovo287748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo282519	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo336611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo145649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo113591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo113598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo284215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo345781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo415254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo392494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo36400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Erythrobasidiales	Hasegawazyma	Hasegawazyma_lactosa
denovo36403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo33430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariaceae
denovo229345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo229347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo382900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo229348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo62900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo475293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo62905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo343783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo307159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo343739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo460788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo167615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo75855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo423106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo425996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo335824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo84403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo202396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo494943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo207344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo266689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo109831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo118216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo109835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo73453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo380417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo144116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Botrytis porri
denovo461786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo110029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo47747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo236060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo70209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo236066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo236067	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo286508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo78354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo32386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula pruinosa
denovo230896	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo35178	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo436671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon perforatum
denovo461002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo318835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo271503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo276732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo38523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo276737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo97478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo271508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo122467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo122460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena belliarum
denovo414619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo345202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo172353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo89446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo134389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo414615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo461438	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo303275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo394253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo62270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo280823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo280822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo466782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo478761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo470576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo293843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo473008	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo66593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Typhulaceae
denovo293840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo267557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo374402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo436090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo279755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo279754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo279751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo376515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo165502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo452228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo49811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo278489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo424221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo465667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo135472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo173082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo173083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo476659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo54249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo50749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo31123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo50740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo173551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo148765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo380410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo270368	Fungi
denovo93072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo146602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo384909	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo270366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo223822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae
denovo142513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo382123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo309312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Petrakia	Petrakia irregularis
denovo173556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo173557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo479567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo21370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo1291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo349067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo356778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo140302	Fungi
denovo300266	Fungi
denovo321740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo467071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo174684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo252012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo289811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo495152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo425178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo452413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo495156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia tsunedae
denovo425177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo307987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo307982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo487304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo403582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo278158	Fungi
denovo214957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo164369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo481353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron	Myxotrichaceae
denovo245228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo261642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo489166	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo288243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo169504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo33823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo440656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo169500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo193250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo485857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo467693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo467692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo350177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo169509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo27239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula subericola
denovo27235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo174023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo469336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo469332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo134400	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo390358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo125783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo217797	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Kappamycetaceae	Kappamyces
denovo95423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo90413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo311539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo311537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo197005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo344843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo98184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo133839	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo300290	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo485583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Candida	Candida
denovo224887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda_siamensis
denovo485580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo13097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo485585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Furcaspora	Furcaspora eucalypti
denovo13094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo454710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo389758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo389752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo389751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo386922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo386925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo145986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo306634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo306631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo180950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo410728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo127657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo175642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo465348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo114240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo318315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Rhodotorula
denovo255098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum nudipes
denovo318311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo3909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo318312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo469599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo174890	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo469590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo469597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Occultifur
denovo451296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo211826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo65926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo211822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo65925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Melanosporales	Ceratostomataceae
denovo327245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo327246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo399658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo269923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo269922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo326196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo397764	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo326195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo216440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo216441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Acremonium
denovo216442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo27901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo190250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae
denovo6990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo211799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo109316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo293641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo399380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo211792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo388405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo23265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo294695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo249170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora
denovo249173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo36364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo191785	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo222394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo397498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo397495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo298859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo1411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo416445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo1415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza
denovo1414	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo307215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo307210	Fungi
denovo307211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo440556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo440555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo440554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo321979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo493260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo315539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo185826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo291480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo447789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Hypholoma	Strophariaceae
denovo447788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo45898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo173943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo388412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo53420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascobolaceae
denovo45893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo186403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo182446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo47006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo457438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo353283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo353280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo445319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo319195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo260892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma victoriae
denovo222936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo143444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo191122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo143441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo143440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo76163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo76160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo226228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo112978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Valsaceae
denovo77520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo215498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo274102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo274105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo274104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo274108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo71198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo321355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo218218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo321350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo181230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo97130	Fungi
denovo97131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo158611	Fungi
denovo158616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo268334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo7716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo249828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo214777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo214542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo396170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo100340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo7718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo396178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo319452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo405235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo222630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo313262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo396383	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo108198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo105484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo105486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo199092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo458668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo147211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo247462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo45300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo442571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo438586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo75624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo112359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo5412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo5410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo94120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo484189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo2299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo9749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo201726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo106593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo18602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo18601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo256033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula pruinosa
denovo324450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo401241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo332075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo296452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo253009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo296450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo180547	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo180546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Efibula	Efibula gracilis
denovo180544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo313488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo313487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo180548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo213536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo317398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellaceae	Cantharellus	Cantharellus lateritius
denovo213532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo331107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo217897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo317397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo83363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo366210	Fungi
denovo116500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo141371	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo467698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo116509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo250155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo481834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo241705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo376778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo117458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo241709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo2870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo93934	Fungi
denovo317028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria
denovo91079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Selenophoma	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo93933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo176895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo349500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo317021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo325508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo277444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo455857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo238552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo127030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo412240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo102454	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo45339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo475729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo94367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo426197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo323686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo45331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo99399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo291108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo287646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo244289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo356780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo427823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo77204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo440968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda_siamensis
denovo371691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo276310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo91135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo119505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Valsaceae
denovo119504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo94128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium
denovo155708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo78116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo212379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo212376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo212375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella subpallida
denovo78118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo69881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo228286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo421879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo80193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo98584	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo386211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo369297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo362198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo351349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo244864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo105100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo105101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae
denovo386214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo244869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo172612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo240157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo282998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo418899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo240152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo389414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hymenoscyphus tetracladius
denovo389415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo418895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo460729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo240158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Acremonium charticola
denovo358999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo222987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo430327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo383453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo359647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo76683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo242421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo236304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo242424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo242429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo472734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo403941	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma
denovo351529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo403942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo472738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo458112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo292754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo207637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo186373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo458118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo453126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo311535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo379690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus lakei
denovo453120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo209572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo209575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo78808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo365739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo365736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo90419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo78805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo86724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo433554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo205678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo150861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo232216	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo256865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo256860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo282330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo276240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo276241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo328817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo276243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta africana
denovo276244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo281979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo133838	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo200114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo200117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo361293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Wojnowicia	Wojnowicia dactylidicola
denovo200111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo379346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo76402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo231542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo33257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo138170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo138175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo49773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo302033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo235650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo302038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo471997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo446107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo299274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo418639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo30509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo43685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo127811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo402700	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo402701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo67953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo95747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo70010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo259518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo259516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Alternaria terricola
denovo259515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo494208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo50022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo264839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo389750	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo253350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo452383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo425404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo221115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo375740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo257020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo333864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo309811	Fungi
denovo333866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris
denovo177038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo421318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia
denovo99215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo287468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo423804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo38018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo287466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo360654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo360651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo488510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo54763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo32614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo408420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo439151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo462129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo162860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo32619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo234217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo380899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo238940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Selenophoma	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo394996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo380891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo96791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo41683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo380894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo311086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo311080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo355871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo300507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo300503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo311089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo121883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Hyalorbilia	Hyalorbilia juliae
denovo416934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo304474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Acephala
denovo304471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo331490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella fabae
denovo251969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo364959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo149976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo496239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo41354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo41351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo209894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo368064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo368060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo162698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo309102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo309103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo64543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo64541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo113258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo366550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Fusidium
denovo58892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo345627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo281153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo345625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo58898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo229064	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Alphamycetaceae	Betamyces
denovo229065	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo67100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo75466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo144831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo144835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea zeta
denovo39596	Fungi
denovo62306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo277381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo277384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo67759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo460625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo434845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo318317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo451724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo88611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo83422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo179154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo61440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo61442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo306908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo3908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo306905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo277650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo89388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo277653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo246136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo246138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo123903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo469901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo34619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo469905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo469904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo415777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo266521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo266522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo122056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo456411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo369618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo29742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo29741	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo29744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo166156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo166151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo457141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo163387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo14996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo97632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodospora
denovo144304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Polyporales
denovo11314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo144302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo465814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo144309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo144308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo11318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo108356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo159100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo280789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo65927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo279121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo163656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo279127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo163658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo337350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo337355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo54361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo393280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo54363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo439970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lepiota
denovo439973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo102593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo383156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena clavata
denovo393288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo278832	Fungi
denovo172520	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo172521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo20740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo20743	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo125436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo198875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo300889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo51627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo198878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo346744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo491571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo406475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo491575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo75013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo346749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina	Taphrina carnea
denovo143073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo267764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo9238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo9231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo390607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo67230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo67231	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo67238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo50282	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo86247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo261057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo261056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo339295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo153663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo424418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo424410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo424412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
denovo424413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo357562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo75484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo385659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo394776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo15341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo282773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiellus tricolor
denovo15343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo264316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora panicorum
denovo27900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo223987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo264312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo60916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo349749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo407704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
denovo139343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas cyathoideum
denovo252199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo434459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo68562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum marginatum
denovo495056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo363467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo495059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo434455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo468292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo307829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo284897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo56857	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mycotyphaceae	Mycotypha
denovo434457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodosporidiobolus	Rhodosporidiobolus colostri
denovo56852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Trichoglossum	Trichoglossum hirsutum
denovo307820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo248142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo131641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo395113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum abnorme
denovo348167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo348166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo131649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo10739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Wojnowicia	Wojnowicia dactylidicola
denovo313818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo109319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo313815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo313814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo178163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo34570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo380172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo281236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo45689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo69548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo170316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo60279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Lanzia	Lanzia berggrenii
denovo60278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo411682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo14430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo398080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo262413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo398084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo212176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo361030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo81078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo211796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo117925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo81073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo12773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo261859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo327653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo407610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo489312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo193422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo193425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo156941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo457975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo294691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo457976	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo27001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo22079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo140818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae
denovo42484	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo27008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo22070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo283995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Lipomycetaceae	Lipomyces	Lipomyces lipofer
denovo156945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo451487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Helicoma	Helicoma isiola
denovo399022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo451484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo351639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo211616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae
denovo283801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo222216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo222215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma
denovo288784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo36360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo90626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo137778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo391614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Limonomyces
denovo400167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo316553	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo137775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo400162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo400161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleiochaeta	Pleiochaeta_setosa
denovo394158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo133648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo133647	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces kniepii
denovo133644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo156241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera
denovo133640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo53738	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo418304	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Paraglomerales	Paraglomeraceae
denovo295737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo461842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo418301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Pleosporaceae
denovo295739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo58286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo176416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo53735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo401410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo401413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo477256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo401414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo466318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo313410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo292968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo482099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo198463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo183615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraleptosphaeria dryadis
denovo246895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo246892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo150478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo314894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo314895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo212823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo212821	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes	Monoblepharidales
denovo55770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo179346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo101817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo77116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo251504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo204874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo17858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Tubulicrinaceae	Tubulicrinis
denovo204872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo76646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo251502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo463658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo251508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo72541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo305925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo482328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo46562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo258621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo198792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo482327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo258628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo395406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria californica
denovo16107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo298956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo298952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo16101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo101736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo294064	Fungi
denovo294066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo109125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella nigra
denovo42228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo42594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo112781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo359932	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo359933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidales	Gloniaceae	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Gloniaceae
denovo357952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo102271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo108654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo292383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo156156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo435245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo156154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo55198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo246276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo55196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo310079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo395616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria tenuipes
denovo186822	Fungi
denovo195217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo195211	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo53596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo54821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo319658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo319655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo208581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo319650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo478857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo409683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo257227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo282787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo178902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo71016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo325200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo282788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo282789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo445507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo445504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo445501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo4975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo218395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo353092	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo353090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo8622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo11456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo360099	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Gs23
denovo57845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo161466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo83081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo201555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo274732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo274738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo57667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo152277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia geranii
denovo312929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo290893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo206683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo116202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo283785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo330461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo330460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo330462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo330467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo330466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo5593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo486953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo5595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo213702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo84362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo106033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo367376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo84368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Filobasidiales
denovo344119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo239523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo49063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo103606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo471346	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo147402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo370997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo328207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo284060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo320078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo379817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo320074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo196970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo196972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo5623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo113498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo160737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo242985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo70057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo242980	Fungi
denovo104890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia
denovo66333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo104898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo446361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo259998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo117552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo180737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo77215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo309692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo187701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo187702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo444297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo187706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo74534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo309698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia
denovo366022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo363012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo166427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo118062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo73623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo293814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo22912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo461114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo483249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Rhynchosporium_orthosporum
denovo461112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo461111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Physcia	Physcia caesia
denovo323528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo436206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo322697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo150127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo54878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_commune
denovo329640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo232536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo358813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo336173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo336172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo336174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo436208	Fungi
denovo232531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo380130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo380134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo298536	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo156987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella
denovo156980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo426767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo259332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo426763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo243630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo419536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo447015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo413531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo433183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo413533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo322347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo322346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo322344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
denovo470924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo63351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Geopora	Pyronemataceae
denovo380686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo308561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo308560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo167171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo167173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo245748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo167175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo167176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo473695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo107819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo373410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo374292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo72970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo459470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo119339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo260272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo260270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo423955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo271156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo208894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Ilyonectria macrodidyma
denovo378778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo458709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo328993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo423278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo81709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium
denovo38959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo383794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo367811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo204790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Calloria	Calloria urticae
denovo387486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo32809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo32808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ericae
denovo121740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo35859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo121743	Fungi
denovo32801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo157638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo326842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo32806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo337623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Physalospora	Physalospora vaccinii
denovo337627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo31570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo337629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo31575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo453089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo284886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo432271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo151740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo401353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo401351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo401357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo330816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo303551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo286017	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo303559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo43187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo408980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo126245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria tellustris
denovo43182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora suttonii
denovo43183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Neophaeomoniella	Neophaeomoniella niveniae
denovo370143	Fungi
denovo370146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo123588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo409634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo174272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo34896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo165157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo425343	Fungi
denovo254251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo270281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales incertae sedis
denovo138039	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo138035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo355556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo161816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo15100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo78534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo425301	Fungi
denovo425300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo422652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo422653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo429683	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo422659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo496182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo336746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo275109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo118882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Tubulicrinaceae	Tubulicrinis	Tubulicrinis subulatus
denovo275102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo438534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo438535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo438533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo275104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo268800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo33047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo335660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo393413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta graminicola
denovo335664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo366851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo428081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo381019	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo496270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo322209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo340178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo330108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo286908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo429357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
denovo286904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo87570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo88381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo139632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo417944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo301575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo417940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo135124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo135126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo73502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo468747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Lachnocladiaceae	Dichostereum
denovo305664	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo305660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo452029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomidium gallecicum
denovo235376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo60079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo416019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo19281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum chlorophyti
denovo60075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo60074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo19284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo399310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo237285	Fungi
denovo431252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo431114	Fungi
denovo385243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo210045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo9507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo362921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora fabiformis
denovo96796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo335082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo25925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo7711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo488492	Fungi
denovo488490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo265357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo216103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo13195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo13191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo216109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo369507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo369501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo13199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo263211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo211450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo354849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Melanommataceae	Alpinaria	Alpinaria rhododendri
denovo263214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo451646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo354844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo89039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo459864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo84002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo18424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo133409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo280439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo95800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
denovo271900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo84071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo228507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo149833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecideales	Lecideaceae	Bryobilimbia	Bryobilimbia hypnorum
denovo222765	Fungi
denovo131933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo23632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo388850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo441744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo23638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo388858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo453386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo405237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo318729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo384110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo233047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo318722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo244540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo58913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo171357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo171351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo308951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo415097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo36866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo185451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo274812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo303965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Stephanosporaceae
denovo62567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo15923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15922	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma terrea
denovo62568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo360161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo145774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo165902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo165900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo118509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo266198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97163	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo28627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo28624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo266192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo341267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo108092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo123366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo331019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo223417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo246077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo436569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo94817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena amabilissima
denovo21702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo21701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo16474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo16475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo16470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo415635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo415636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo442575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo227309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo158461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo348646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo38235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo34790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo122154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo319090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo492165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo159736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo70575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo492162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo159739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo313637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo135943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo432803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo71774	Fungi
denovo262999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo140201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo317520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo34429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo148071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo34424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium conicum
denovo372471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo8426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo172190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo2642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo178295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo250923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo376129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo6737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo6731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo317299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Leptosporomyces	Leptosporomyces septentrionalis
denovo317298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo260734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo260733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo260732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo393365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo356554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo449369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo97549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo50584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo11125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo210414	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo303365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo264290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo452924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo452927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo213144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo213145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium
denovo452929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo303368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurophragmium
denovo314366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo176992	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo462546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo338379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo338378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo480311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo480315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo278646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo391807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo396852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo278645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo396856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo391801	Fungi
denovo146336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo146333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo161850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo15146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo349154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo141644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo226891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo467367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo130815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta hoffmannii
denovo50328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo179528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo3516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo199975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo341707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo27706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo174734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo449983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo174732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo27702	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo179526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo348822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo62133	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs05
denovo296825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo348825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo456003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo201720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo462624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo184415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo184418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo187143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo444054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo416759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo255831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo258808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo458913	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo253785	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo80262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo363256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo80266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo214862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo153033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo146599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo153037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales
denovo269527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo146597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala sphaeroides
denovo236542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo421389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo264128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo254074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo21285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo262601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae
denovo262602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo219155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella
denovo219154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo140990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo69478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo390047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo140993	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo140994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo390040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo469282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo390048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Hydropisphaera	Hydropisphaera fungicola
denovo192944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo192945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo136307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo313997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo484340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo313991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma chytrophilum
denovo142171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo90125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo5918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo248792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo288082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo397898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidales	Gloniaceae	Cenococcum	Cenococcum geophilum
denovo398543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo93470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo232081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo245507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo389844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo245502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo469750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo158819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo410696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo177860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo180865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo153210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo180862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo180863	Fungi
denovo273459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo252433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo252432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo327083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo249665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo178736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo178738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo484259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo418172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae
denovo477699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo378172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo378171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo185707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo263559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo460854	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo410349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo259035	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo79854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo52098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo90787	Fungi
denovo90784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo90788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo85913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo489503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo316452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo368202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo169969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo352466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo86952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo104282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum asiaticum
denovo175595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo104289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo103061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo432070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo92781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo351848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo107954	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo191635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo396072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo222402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo249082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo107952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo117436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo90870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo194043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo93786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo386071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo321665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo195393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo358493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo128170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo293226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo92434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo158105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo177559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo111165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo446547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella ciliata
denovo446544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo365348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo43438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo198614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Strophariaceae	Leratiomyces	Leratiomyces erythrocephalus
denovo258785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo205207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo205204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo71933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo247954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo372140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo372143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo372146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo200523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo275340	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo431849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo275349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo116501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo397309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo85812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo397300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo448111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Sclerococcales	Dactylosporaceae	Dactylospora	Dactylospora vrijmoediae
denovo395799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo422527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo326638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo215383	Fungi
denovo448119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo85307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo89706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo16730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo422525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo107229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo429115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo390724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Alternaria eichhorniae
denovo210351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo210356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo61599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo334845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo206189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo368619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo476798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo359529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo476796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo275699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo313170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo368614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo360446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo315584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo287217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo447632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo37225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo403669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo395862	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo380671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo359524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo4833	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs05
denovo195025	Fungi
denovo47392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium viticola
denovo153952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo153953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo345472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo281324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo281327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo237046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Cystodermella granulosa
denovo354419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo153959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo31976	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo490177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo409905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Laetisaria	Laetisaria fuciformis
denovo407960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo443393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo79552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo87534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo2367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo376243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo376242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo376241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo282595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo71205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo297833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo181389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo445778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Oleoguttula	Oleoguttula mirabilis
denovo181380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo65751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo61230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo259814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo48906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Cystodermella	Tricholomataceae
denovo65758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo367235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo161691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo83290	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Auriculariales	Auriculariales_incertae_sedis
denovo357843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo452069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo274561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo481831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo274564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo403085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo430084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo403080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo105578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo80923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo366720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo339101	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo151883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo80926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo113040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo273691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo284749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo382740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo426358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo49234	Fungi
denovo423183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo423181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma subbrunnea
denovo382742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo331561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo277169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo286675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo202315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo202316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo202310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo202313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo78604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo392220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo74180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo328411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo402238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo103830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo479787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta ligniaria
denovo460476	Fungi
denovo460474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo392225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo238248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo284295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo242824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Heterospora	Heterospora dimorphospora
denovo352603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo35296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo285167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo436512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo414126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo437368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo392085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo444559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo444558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo444557	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierella
denovo444554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo230817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo62768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo444550	Fungi
denovo470068	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo160566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo318992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo366189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo273033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo118745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo118743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma polemonii
denovo125282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo414697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo267000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo390811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo267004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo298255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo406937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo287987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo287986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo372975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectria ramulariae
denovo372974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo122398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo55796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo156822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo156821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Gorgomyces	Gorgomyces honrubiae
denovo229922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo119161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo111375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo272631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo329430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo436014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo469455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo343168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo415667	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo413479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo436019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo470683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo281664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo281667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo63491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo34228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo281668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo449134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo383341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo415669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo373592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo121157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo479657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo121150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium iranianum
denovo479652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo408826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo394381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo408823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo472687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo63149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo375287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo120820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo19716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo385200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo473087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo66517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo373629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo66512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo473080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo89992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo373626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo89994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo209266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo472350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo455910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo166639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo67648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo166632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo338573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo342893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo375758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo375759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo338579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo423408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo479251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo423404	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo234607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo457364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo468424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo270673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo270677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo51150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo335785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella recutita
denovo194222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo274952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Laetisaria	Laetisaria fuciformis
denovo335789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo274951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo491103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo491100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo337870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo38875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo337875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Vibrissea	Vibrissea flavovirens
denovo318323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo384856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo85445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo334789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo134155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo123420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo246973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo444688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo334780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo334784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo209481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium
denovo209482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo30212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo387144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo30214	Fungi
denovo43370	Fungi
denovo468644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo467611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo260134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo384480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo460868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium atrosanguineum
denovo453543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo270099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo424844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo420178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo164676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
denovo454798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo13017	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo14048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo13015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo454792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo227924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo58039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo58035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo58033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo12946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Minimedusa	Minimedusa	Minimedusa polyspora
denovo88227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo21912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo256645	Fungi
denovo21916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo287155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Sclerodermataceae	Scleroderma	Scleroderma citrinum
denovo197732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo235237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo287152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo262370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo262374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo216734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo190700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo227694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo50925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo345139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo218064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo345135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo263252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo237566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo237567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo394222	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo465615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo465614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo465610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo164091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo436840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo170729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo436842	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo436843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo197080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo170723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo149665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo22755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo149667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo109998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo22750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo317874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo317876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo396740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo410107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo61073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo22758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo248844	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo493778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo61179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo379666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo146908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo493776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo493775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo294614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo354882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Lasiosphaeria	Lasiosphaeria ovina
denovo455678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo39191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo183460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo183462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo391097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo488288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae
denovo183469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo307294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo10415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo168895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo307293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo307298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo266010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo459146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo266013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo319442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo319441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo261427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo143996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo17668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo397654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo223337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sparticola	Sparticola junci
denovo94376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo94374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo223338	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo326119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo23408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo224643	Fungi
denovo493198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo28451	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo92236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo28452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo28454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo493191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo28456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense
denovo163169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo11623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo11620	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo437007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo188947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo100611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo100617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo489425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo437000	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo55453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo292514	Fungi
denovo492827	Fungi
denovo108443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Verrucisporota	Verrucisporota daviesiae
denovo91304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo133447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo55307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo304017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Niessliaceae	Rosasphaeria	Rosasphaeria moravica
denovo1491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo1490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo35638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo38003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo356185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo74724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo7795	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo312756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo172010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo219580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo316049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo177027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo112468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo71816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo94998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo393172	Fungi	Calcarisporiellomycota	Calcarisporiellomycetes	Calcarisporiellales	Calcarisporiellaceae	Calcarisporiella
denovo355987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo223596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo94995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo494694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo60594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo16537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo454234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena polygramma
denovo60597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo11088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo66253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo66252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo29329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo484928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo5490	Fungi
denovo240440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo29326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo5498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo106517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo142713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo21138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo348550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo21132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo279412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo69552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo406061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo195621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Tephrocybe
denovo215418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo466251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo195626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo210625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo96267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo210561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo342358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo2561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo405810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo159568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo246552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo59149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo246556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo6675	Fungi
denovo59143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo140413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo5173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria
denovo406063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo314755	Fungi
denovo471534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo199010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo437970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo44394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo315803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo315800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo315805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo443625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo57437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo193529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo243318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo176815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo349580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo349581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo485797	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo435965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo400574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo253083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo253082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo335305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo159764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium delicatulum
denovo269281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum virgineum
denovo360932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Gs37	Gs37
denovo360939	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo350723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo268888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pezizaceae
denovo147870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum nudipes
denovo311254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo212664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo147875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo320406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo296988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo263850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo320403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo143142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo238003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo296985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo238005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo323177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo323176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales
denovo217109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo323170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo397911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo261565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo233656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo193115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo9448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella
denovo240665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo474098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo377029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo358994	Fungi
denovo7231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo44648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo32516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo44644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo354113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo354112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo249780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo95103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo419142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo45514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo419144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo491468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo42640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo389538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo411770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo255662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo212085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo212086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo255669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo212081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo248780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo470774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo186662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo248785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo101322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo248787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo102989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo117238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo177859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo470777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo477629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo175561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo175560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo277846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo183106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo175566	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo150576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo370736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo370739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo80762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo395204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo495536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo359533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo28840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo399514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo399515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo48932	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo138249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo7966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo355649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo78889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo352615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Typhulaceae	Typhula	Typhula maritima
denovo352612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae
denovo302743	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo302742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo129142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo298249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Candida	Candida_bombi
denovo186084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo298241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo232299	Fungi
denovo31325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo31324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo414364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo31329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo45897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo388721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo388723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo178504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo52112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo388729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo178502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo52116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo402476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo194236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo194238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo55462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo387521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo77685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo218014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo371460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo362422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo362421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo17349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo254042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena polygramma
denovo254041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo332841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Discostroma
denovo17346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo205019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo491844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo19417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo77535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo92573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo77538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo103215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo353562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium nidulum
denovo432600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo411322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo407773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo259592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo370558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo296166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo155205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina lubrica
denovo200190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo361217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo427312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo159958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo159959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo30055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo427313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo159950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo292894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo13148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo92130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo230639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo37582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo37581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo408494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo403785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo312417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Bolbitiaceae
denovo234527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo401876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo30582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo30583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo30580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo82197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo486465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius hysginus
denovo30587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo370554	Fungi
denovo127897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo198009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo476321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo405177	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo476323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo405175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces radicicola
denovo478189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo239014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo280284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo280289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo48302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo234291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo355337	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo364487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo90793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo454927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo359883	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo435370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo258245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus curtus
denovo106899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo258247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo335233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo201245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo287393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo335235	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo377924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo377921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo58168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo256378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo206737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Neohygrophorus
denovo256377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo256371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo83073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo68934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo68935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Pyronemataceae
denovo75178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo380571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo472804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo127273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo472800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo65164	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo472802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo41617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo84691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo487739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo84696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo37057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo145127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo145124	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
denovo284151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo149461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo116622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo434771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo320363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo33770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Bensingtonia	Agaricostilbaceae
denovo33773	Fungi
denovo48305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo329973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo329977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo373005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo307056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo213697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo307051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo470189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo415447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo415444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Didymella longicolla
denovo266250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo452996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo387894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo213112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo328597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris
denovo328591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo328592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo208073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo308275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo187036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo65275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Hirsutella	Hirsutella kirchneri
denovo65272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo86422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo110707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo450348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo119823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae
denovo344572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo24519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia flanaganii
denovo286425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo387767	Fungi
denovo202124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo230993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo24513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo381393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo433921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo22825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo78163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo116924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo144383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo144382	Fungi
denovo414714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo465894	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo172257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo125122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo232210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo265595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo280705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo62131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo280702	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo35348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo381643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo35343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo381647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo372838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo123982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474754	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo319935	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo306094	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota_incertae_sedis	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae
denovo306096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo459549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo209389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo300803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo235458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo121587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo328811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo276245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo260966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporomycetidae	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae
denovo260967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo163301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae
denovo207578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo271464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo271467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo158422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo208384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Xenomeris
denovo271463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo271462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo58786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo58787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo66721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo394805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Gliophorus	Gliophorus psittacinus
denovo209034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo108932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo35968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo108936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo108937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo379347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo35966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo63269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo422969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo63263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo394331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo422960	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo276169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo31049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo271798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo271793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo271791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo380511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo31047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo75140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo492666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo294830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo424499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo392320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo173614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Septoria	Septoria urticae
denovo333160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo260340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo208921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo333166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo120677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo165461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo57183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo417437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo57187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo301040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo15692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo252118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo10874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo452513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo326040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo226993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo226996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo416521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo416527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo84687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo423616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo165790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo162165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo162167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo335576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia	Schizoporaceae
denovo261760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo100835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
denovo150213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo193357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo230174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo491316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo272759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo398007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo384524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo348475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo348476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo304633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo464447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo134721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo131535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo289596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo131538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo196654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo137268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo145131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_oblongisporum
denovo288474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena polygramma
denovo400250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo400251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo95748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo141147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo300391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo255463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo295045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo295047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo393583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo295042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo389656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo360350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo386606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo389652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo116656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo489690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo415874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo415875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo197297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo183347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae	Melampsora	Melampsoraceae
denovo197291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo175762	Fungi
denovo187844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo262236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo262237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo262232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo179611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo179610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo494096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo58201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo171442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo171443	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo310764	Fungi
denovo456518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo451152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo354759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo263724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo266930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo263729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo391564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo481545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo114476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo114477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo485048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo482017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo114473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo485042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo133390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo355080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo216561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo317939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo101042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum virgineum
denovo144987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo440183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo483947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo440189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo191867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo249239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo327475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo441859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo191860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Biatoropsis	Platygloeaceae
denovo191861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae
denovo132372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo465422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora_humicola
denovo391696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo388529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo327479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo231893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo144981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo352361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo93354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae
denovo176234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo130284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo16183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo176232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo130280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo315275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo315273	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo263184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo263186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo452656	Fungi
denovo95346	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo414839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo172936	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
denovo177724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo414833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo441580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo441586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo55032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo45999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo49331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo182560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo182567	Fungi
denovo458154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo182569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo55975	Fungi
denovo472785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo8337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo8336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo222872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo191243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_implicatum
denovo20141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo185695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo185697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo455357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo455354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo455359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo6590	Fungi
denovo457265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo483052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo449478	Fungi
denovo483057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo97078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo218310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo218311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo224439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo483059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo449476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo210121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo210120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo249901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo292307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholomataceae
denovo46871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo308436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo46877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo292302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo476123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo46878	Fungi
denovo314654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo239256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
denovo321168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo403232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo321164	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo321160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo295821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo295820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo480625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo295826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo295825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo396340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo295828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo185031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo47444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo192745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo192743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo141973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo53628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo2154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo2152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo72126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo178980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo250237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo354758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo147487	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo442749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales
denovo68360	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo147482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo449297	Fungi
denovo449295	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo70321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo50436	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo449290	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo210785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo210784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo210787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo371179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo446051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo210788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo83002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo83004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo487532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo360018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo213479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo106309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo362157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo113411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo116425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo113415	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo116422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo116421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo104815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus perforans
denovo113418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo396963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo101822	Fungi
denovo101821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo210870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo210875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo101829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo146284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo481973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo288868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Xylomyces
denovo481974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo288860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo349460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Tulasnellaceae
denovo44565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo102554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo293892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo146758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo327860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo376543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo26095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo291020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo91988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo6351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo248623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo445835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo445833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo248626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo248624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo167243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo371791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo167241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo371794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo167246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo371796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo110140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo127662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo127666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo373322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo261246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo373326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_panacis
denovo233192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo475573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo447092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo447091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo202721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo233198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo447098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo212439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo465006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo375030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo212431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo216951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo336247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo457525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo233449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo90090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo373494	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo233441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo288135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo233445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina mikolae
denovo233444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo233447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo157504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo322618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo328888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo322612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo92832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo282897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo353842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo353843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo358896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo7003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo190874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo92839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo473166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo359760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo98773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo234874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo473162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo249575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo359768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo303623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Beverwykella	Beverwykella pulmonaria
denovo84866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo374566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella avenacea
denovo374567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo374560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo90541	Fungi
denovo84860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo387408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo374569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo126133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo32885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo32884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo240366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo224798	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo474221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo474227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo207771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo53473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo474229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
denovo53475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo94054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo379793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo453005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo242293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo446874	Fungi
denovo242298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo242299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo52706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo114138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo451336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium carpinicola
denovo365676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo437234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo205734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo391841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo205730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo205731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo232317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo328918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo151217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo276364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo86911	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo144664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo251623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo438820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo76569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo438827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo420726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Vankya	Vankya heufleri
denovo420721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturiaceae
denovo352006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo352004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo433763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium
denovo433760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo489575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo97172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo120478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo104049	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo333367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo104041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo119833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo89266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo128661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo241011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo462852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo156296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo84612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo275184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo275185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo462858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo479131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo231755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo452753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo205199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo382511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo205192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo205191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo205195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium velox
denovo40457	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo276989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo239930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum virgineum
denovo276986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo73912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo400077	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo400078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo259413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo371239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo259411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae	Verrucaria	Verrucaria muralis
denovo91536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo164204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo202132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo164200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
denovo491006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo71513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo425525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo257703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo257705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Tranzscheliella	Tranzscheliella williamsii
denovo425521	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Syncephalastraceae	Syncephalastrum	Syncephalastrum racemosum
denovo333984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo425529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo14634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo128088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo19205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo398596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo432415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo328001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo103402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo432410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo82019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo110932	Fungi
denovo155019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo107533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo107531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinopsis romagnesiana
denovo22336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo335006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo93420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo287589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo221387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo224947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo221380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo221383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo280124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo280126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo230400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo32713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo403577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo381025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo280129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo158740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo431269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo179563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo380996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo286986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo158744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo330189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo311161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo287637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo84083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo36274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo463811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo463815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo271986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo126953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo126956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo408299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo431192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo364692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo209991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo327656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo7647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo327655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo191643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo64466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo113359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula
denovo366691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo160276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo85685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo85684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo273727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo85682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo281297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo334687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo65597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo380370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo23141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo68747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo285980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo329837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo465227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo336727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo1755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo165983	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo165981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo339801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo1759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo88555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo438019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo493305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo385824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo118588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo493308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo437696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo400621	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo285670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo437692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo285676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo68688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo39725	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo39720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo277115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo149166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo235864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo194035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Dothiorella	Dothiorella vidmadera
denovo34719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo171935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo167725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo171938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo88881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo65335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo114387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo479963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo476954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo475632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo16961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo457068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo59378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo56661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo59375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo450959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo59372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo109944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo109943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo97278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo363294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo66025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo144026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo286216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo377344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo29173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo108012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo381568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo29174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo108019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo458260	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo163111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo69900	Fungi
denovo224140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo276645	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo224144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo271613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo224147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo493878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo471208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo306111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum rhytismatis
denovo62300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo125379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo414508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo62305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo62304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo121466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo332115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo53016	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo280918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo147640	Fungi
denovo148615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo148614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo337549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo179835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo179834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo429977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo20558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo20557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo462337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo483874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo462339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo67376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo67371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo25281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo215847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo76793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo215842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomiaceae
denovo76792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo278399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo165616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo76795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo278396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo162647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo168266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo449908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo66974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo339392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo339394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo379279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo220249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo270568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo432753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo220246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo450877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo76796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo450873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo450872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo392289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo23926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo342780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo417087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15226	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo385599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo349666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo456369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Fenestellaceae	Fenestella	Fenestella ostryae
denovo333644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo333645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo333642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo333643	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo339027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo490745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo46477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo136070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo299679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo231417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo9996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo21203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo450061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo26255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo142464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo173422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo56951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo427125	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sarnyensis
denovo468159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo464630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo469200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo139578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo139579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo139576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo139577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo310353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo139575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo139572	Fungi
denovo340434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo10478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo252706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo93281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo258596	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
denovo57399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo91369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo350379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo463179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo170215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo18262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo14578	Fungi	Aphelidiomycota	Aphelidiomycetes	Gs16
denovo212233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo212231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo60530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo14572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo362120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo81130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo217552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo316984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo400591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo454877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo480823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo169619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo393621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo393623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo348208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo348209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo398639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo362693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo362692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo324272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo396560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo391717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo90704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hymenoscyphus caudatus
denovo77950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo77951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo137033	Fungi
denovo193677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo137036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo290208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo355478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo454628	Fungi
denovo56041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo224970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo454626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Kondoa	Kondoa yuccicola
denovo454627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo224975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo179790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo494111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo418463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo418460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo53679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo359344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo298072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo298070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo228628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo410612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo296334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo296335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo44969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo44965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo222489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo414973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis
denovo406253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo183556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo87357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo255161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo212906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo384638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo190094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo190092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo190093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo176685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo102867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo76761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo254413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae	Henningsomyces
denovo72224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo254416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo17791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo17796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo258701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo198693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo258706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo448264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo448267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo94285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo16222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo317761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Hyalorbilia	Hyalorbilia juliae
denovo130562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo132450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo16229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo130561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Kabatiella
denovo298693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo130567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo104206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo248970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo353736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo437463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo294189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo225622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo109000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo28347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo156052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo111070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo420362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo108756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo329339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo156059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo397381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo223757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo448191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo315406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo111076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo315403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo136802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo294237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo319759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Mycoarthris	Mycoarthris_corallina
denovo54945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo26480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo319756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo319757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo402358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo292176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo402352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo282661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo257141	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo487185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo223608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo282666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo487188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo245806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo445262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo353198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo471842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo471845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo471846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo253860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo353195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo8106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo8102	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo8103	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo100180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo201618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo48041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo274073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo6501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastraceae
denovo218502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo290996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo268020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo312846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudogymnoascus	Pseudogymnoascus appendiculatus
denovo206968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo218508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo25197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo82563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo82565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma mirum
denovo25190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo316172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo360223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo360220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo106175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo157091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo8327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo403000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo328323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo240544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo147361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo406077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo25229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo283133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo296693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo489613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo320138	Fungi
denovo4695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo446795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo244045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo160078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo309260	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Gs14
denovo377510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo206348	Fungi
denovo253137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo70150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo471158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo206346	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo206344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiella minima
denovo104996	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo44157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo68504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Clitocybe dryadicola
denovo446244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo259896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo388135	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo74675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo113623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo113620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo113621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo85113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo154547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Ophioceras	Ophioceras dolichostomum
denovo113628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo238790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo178774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo323427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo194961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Phaeothecoidea	Phaeothecoidea proteae
denovo79330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo285476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo102695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo219295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo219293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo392955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo238423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo4541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo9862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo4544	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo127145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo127147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo122312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo426688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo59862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo259274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo122319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo243770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo475432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo277659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo419473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo475438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo63418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo129477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo308608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales
denovo186575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae
denovo186576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo308602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo473554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo155639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo119473	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo389132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo459331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo370162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo374152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Toninia	Toninia physaroides
denovo374155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo374157	Fungi
denovo374156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo374158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo111663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo111667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo260533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo375204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo260538	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo115965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo115964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo115962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo115961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo115960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo423331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo440123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo204697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo204692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo332757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo332756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo204698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo157776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo157778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo326966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo326965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo302856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo44712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Rhodotorula
denovo121668	Fungi
denovo281881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae	Cephalotheca
denovo383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo271361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo151026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo432337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo151024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo151020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo271369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo283950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo401093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo242558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo286354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo383528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo286350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae
denovo356117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo406411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo302581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo129786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo128439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo417427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo174533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo304865	Fungi
denovo34993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo31740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
denovo174539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea
denovo162084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria juncicola
denovo477120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza	Hyalopeziza nectrioidea
denovo443849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo437861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo437865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo437864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo432497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo437866	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes	Monoblepharidales
denovo72141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo401549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo424595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo209409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo424597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo15028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo138375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo15020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo368418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo370354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo337706	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo491637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo165363	Fungi
denovo165361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Septoria	Septoria oenanthicola
denovo270013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus collinsoniae
denovo156559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo435648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo475452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo87188	Fungi
denovo156551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo15796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo335708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo15790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo15791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo335706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo366950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo85966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo120201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo82609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo429416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo330062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo139772	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo139773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo139774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo417861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo127963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo127960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo37740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo40647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Fonsecaea	Fonsecaea pedrosoi
denovo301749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo301742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo264946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo161069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo124430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo452276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Magnaporthe	Magnaporthe oryzae
denovo59924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo59926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo221028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo19070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo265019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo265018	Fungi
denovo341392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo271494	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo311646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo311647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo311643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo84767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria halima
denovo311648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo280375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo32101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo49366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo280379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo408552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo143911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo143910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo143912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo191434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo430769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo143916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo222649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo20377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo226732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo344264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo18673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo24864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena oregonensis
denovo494464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo439577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo12329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo107250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo12323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo462183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo307749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo441176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo461262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo437084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo437083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo303840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo306830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo134269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo46520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Leucosporidiales	Leucosporidiaceae
denovo450652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo62406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo62407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo15809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo15802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo15803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo15800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo492013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo318573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo168818	Fungi
denovo318575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo464966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo304099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo118464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo266097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo367260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo24284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo459077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo21423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo217359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo436682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae
denovo459933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo21429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae
denovo213879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo69006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo459931	Fungi
denovo227469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo38376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo23485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo438222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo270849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo438220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo24137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo163651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo24138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo24139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo246623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo246622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Petrakia
denovo491322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema laurentii
denovo140329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo469879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo63753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo39978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo140326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo1270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo38088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo38085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo69860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo266633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo172099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo8740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo185240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo51718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo218685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo376009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo218686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo208419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo169075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo260672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo169079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo81765	Fungi
denovo22996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo11003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo11000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo11007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo159078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Paurocotylis	Pyronemataceae
denovo164847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo369122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo137991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo67124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo487965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo131526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo152627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo152621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Lactarius helvus
denovo279232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo195847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Agaricus	Agaricaceae
denovo271009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo386300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo148792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo271003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo98457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo214369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo54291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo143673	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo25426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo25424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo172631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo192312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo192317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo468054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo467088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo131863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo325855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo3652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo3651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo134813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo148860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo174678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo148863	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo348909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo247282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo407917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo247288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo7544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo296901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium
denovo419777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo58670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo168380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo58674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo52954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo417324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo426633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyosporium	Dictyosporium digitatum
denovo446503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella	Zopfiella lundqvistii
denovo90203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo125695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo411447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo60477	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo416498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo448939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Xylonomycetes	Gs34
denovo116852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Kondoa	Kondoa yuccicola
denovo116853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo214983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Candida	Candida
denovo165000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo225009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo344770	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo269201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Microascales	Microascaceae
denovo96406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo357411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo96404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Ceratocystidaceae	Ceratocystis	Ceratocystis grandicarpa
denovo213359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo213353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo261071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Polyscytalum	Polyscytalum pustulans
denovo264005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo43475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo13510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo80458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo265752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo219058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Saccharomycotina	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae
denovo395170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo340578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo196769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo472052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo196761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria bellynckii
denovo340573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo399842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo294417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo8644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo399847	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo102909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo57214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo399848	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo192868	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo78654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia terricola
denovo330937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo411141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo397996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo142236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo419672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo349365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo190429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo324818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus	Clitopilus hobsonii
denovo145959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo348018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo258569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo390674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo190422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo94589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo190427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo469016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo47573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo399592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo180984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo399597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo252572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo252574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo252575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo252576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo252577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo249703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo354191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo95184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo213972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo249705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo3061	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella stylospora
denovo45594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo175078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo290107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo170002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo170004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo474322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo445198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo186006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo42067	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo176520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo7579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo186002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo176523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo410424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo171751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo440342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo410423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo440340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo171755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo241286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo241284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo263690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo443927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo268649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo396481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo396487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Xylonomycetes	Gs34
denovo288542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo400366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo193731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo182016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo442080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo169804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo322220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo224835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo70108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae
denovo77602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Gs27	Gs27
denovo203937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo151624	Fungi
denovo218093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo242399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo327548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo263347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo391108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo191773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo327546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo396734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo414535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo435232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena polygramma
denovo469580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo352695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria bellynckii
denovo295428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo290413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo290412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo290414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo295421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo128238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo358754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo358756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo128233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Donadinia	Donadinia nigrella
denovo473824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo293140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo103298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo432689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo251836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo177692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo413472	Fungi
denovo72385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
denovo446425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo155288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo46763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo405469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo46761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo72771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo114546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo86989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo114544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo378349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo450402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo312493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo372060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo435483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo72778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Valsaceae	Valsa
denovo86981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo49486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo365151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo365154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo322913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo322917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo322914	Fungi
denovo49488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo16071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo365991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo74680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo210095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo76268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo361431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo364400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo486792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo98835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo21366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo194857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo287316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo83530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo106815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo291433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria spectabilis
denovo83535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo291438	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo360528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo45866	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo199688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo395907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo315619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Clitocybe bresadolana
denovo315617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo195103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo199681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo315612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Solenopezia	Solenopezia solenia
denovo403705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo13271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo476505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo2242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo472886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma sphaerosporum
denovo161264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo313720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo472882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo181967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo239098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo282490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo40339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo282496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo40335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo199358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo50901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo256662	Fungi
denovo449761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo184097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo471778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo184091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo184099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora_vesiculosa
denovo252962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo252960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo373080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo83399	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo274608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo274602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo274601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo105431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo157114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo284663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo284662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo80849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo273950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo116339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo110476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo184545	Fungi
denovo456803	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo184548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo335983	Fungi
denovo208883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo475083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo239634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo387818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo202213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo328514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo328513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo336954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo431567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo283361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo431565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Thelebolales	Thelebolaceae
denovo364728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo44056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo461063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo236188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo323635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo323637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo62643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo461068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo233352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo62644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo251167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo230916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo478339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo381319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo435073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo230910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo381316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo370571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo113780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo470101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo435077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo324173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo75881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo65148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo65149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo68314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo167950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ericae
denovo167957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo394779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo374056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo86537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo309764	Fungi
denovo187010	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo427565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo478487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo258954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo427560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo336379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo336378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo336377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Microascales	Microascaceae
denovo235985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo219553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo363121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo235980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo487145	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Stereaceae	Acanthophysellum
denovo207062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo73717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo392143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo83433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo427453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo267691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo343673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo267694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo106717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala moniliae
denovo272774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo135826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo150230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo466597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Pustularia
denovo466594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo150239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo436119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo282964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo380046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo167377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo127755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo383223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo98064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo473452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo359078	Fungi
denovo382572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo382573	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo173129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo173123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Atheliaceae
denovo124217	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo466042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo129622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo333478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo120908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo470812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo207685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo129629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo69231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo281430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo207683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo203416	Fungi
denovo369249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo369246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo31410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo119205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo472413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo173695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo166770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo205680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo472418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo488822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo375014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo89330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo458638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo485852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense
denovo234760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo383482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo84952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo492559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo84950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo270735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo84956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo350526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo350522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo412488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo337934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo337935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo91511	Fungi
denovo301921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo381887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo394046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo439354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo128573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae
denovo490955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Geomyces	Geomyces auratus
denovo330921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo423691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo98878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo278299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
denovo79517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo30316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
denovo30313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo382680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo121362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
denovo56504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo467714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo56501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo123297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo456313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo372544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo372546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo495051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo125624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo125623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo306264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo453469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo270194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo132389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo476347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo43520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo161921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo161922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo349958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo13750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo352371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo13758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo125999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo310091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae
denovo220544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo220547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Roseodiscus	Roseodiscus subcarneus
denovo484020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo438406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo438407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo264570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo420342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo22387	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo59042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo190628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo22380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo469656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo469652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo463969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Rhinocladiella	Rhinocladiella fasciculata
denovo490042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo394500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo225322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo88499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo225326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo345075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo484791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo484793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo299157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo484797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo164192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo132047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo132044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo305792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo197164	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo1844	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Rhizophagus
denovo298404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo460079	Fungi
denovo460072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo130758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo440104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo410226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales
denovo294715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo294712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo493633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo301951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo301953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo301954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo23382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo301956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo305247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo485774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo61272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo170576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo4914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Cephalosporium
denovo485778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo65429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo58824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo451739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo451738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo171225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo263106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo12156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo191577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo191570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Diaporthales	Macrohilum	Macrohilum_eucalypti
denovo455023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo17500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo89721	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo18736	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo226672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo18738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo22658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo439438	Fungi
denovo392831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo142060	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo158261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo23521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo86521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo23524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo158269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo426501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo131803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo131800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo144514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo134836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo131805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo144519	Fungi
denovo437764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo108526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo492948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo318434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo318435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo318430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo132593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo318433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo1596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo132592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo1592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Psathyrellaceae
denovo452127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo168991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo38120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces nectairei
denovo319380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo249985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo177104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo177107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo177106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo249981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo177103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo67802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Rodwayella	Rodwayella citrinula
denovo316726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo137569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo419075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo67800	Fungi
denovo471621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo316728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo198241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo198244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo457771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo457777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo457774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo55125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo453853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo456829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo6045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo29045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo246182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo246185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo448561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo428296	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo21678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo227233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo69217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleiochaeta
denovo247859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo247854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo247857	Fungi
denovo321256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo82935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo220957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo357335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo220953	Fungi
denovo421576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo378662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo313526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo313522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo246459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo132861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo132863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo313528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo59063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo60274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo147152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo34338	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo199115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Umbilicariales	Umbilicariaceae	Umbilicaria	Umbilicariaceae
denovo63436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo340838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo247584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Tetrapyrgos	Tetrapyrgos subdendrophora
denovo9288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo192125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo9284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo397070	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo376631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo51529	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo317188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo188283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo317184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo376639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo169227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia juniperi
denovo169229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo181753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo449215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo449214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo278888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo449212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo214089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo210700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo153853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo278883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo417171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo443477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo427653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo426019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo455841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo117923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo350649	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo350648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula pruinosa
denovo152453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces proteolyticus
denovo480005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo334274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo247324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_coronilla
denovo212707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo54466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Exserohilum	Exserohilum neoregeliae
denovo212704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo44298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo153583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo238122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo315966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo238127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo43822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola typharum
denovo264631	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo217068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo199805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo199807	Fungi
denovo179417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo324373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo253547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo168173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo131073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo455861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo238693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phanerochaete	Phanerochaete tuberculata
denovo238692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo184708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo238697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo143358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo141269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo141261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo311936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo400757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo411631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo411633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo219390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo240053	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo240055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo219396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo7082	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo177959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helicodendron	Helicodendron luteoalbum
denovo101246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo101245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo97247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo186705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo226158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo269414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo269417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo183064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo170633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo170636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo418556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo232644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo262773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo480912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo395322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo203012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo136418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo203017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo359275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo4190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo136416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo315032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo315030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo354018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo98262	Fungi
denovo323340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo132525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo90010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo90011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo323344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo142001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo351066	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo150748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo150749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo329069	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo150741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo94771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo433453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo329067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo290591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron
denovo329065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo329064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo289263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo298369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo289268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo154053	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo298362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Cercospora	Cercospora delaireae
denovo31207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo140816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo158921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo353023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo31209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo420007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo366495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo242741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo178424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo369443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo326260	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo290629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo129353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo290623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo474804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales
denovo356017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo290626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo129356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo290624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo19098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo6846	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo93316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo176779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo218110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo259145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Thyrostroma	Thyrostroma_cornicola
denovo323969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo451480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo323961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo323962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo48624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo254122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo76874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo17261	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo238104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo205112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo205110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo205111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo55253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo205114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo101886	Fungi
denovo358650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo490298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo33798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo353686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo283506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo200092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo105978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo49833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo30159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo29905	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Rhizophlyctidaceae	Rhizophlyctis	Rhizophlyctis rosea
denovo472252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo333906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo104629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo104623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo128004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo432492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo369670	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo401939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo312357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo328089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo312352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo103489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo361081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo254781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo296758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo82098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo439484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo194469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo292664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo198762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo194467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Panaeolus antillarum
denovo476113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo346890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo346892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo202686	Fungi
denovo240875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo195735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo162904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo41760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo254871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo350087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo194757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo72649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Lecanora	Lecanora sambuci
denovo479606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo258367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum	Microbotryaceae
denovo258366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo258365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo250179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo106997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda_sojae
denovo201327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo201326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo70648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo206678	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo84308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo199184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo442461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo442460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo256433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo70647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo364616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo364615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo403306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo41495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo35133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo345278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo230377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo384727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Tremellaceae
denovo472926	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo341116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo106661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Albatrellaceae	Russulales	Albatrellaceae
denovo295817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo418303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo37314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo85606	Fungi
denovo237138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo434433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo154877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo330764	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo330765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo320085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo285909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo285905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo438721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo494019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pezizaceae	Chromelosporium	Chromelosporium carneum
denovo430534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo430532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo373163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris
denovo430538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo89273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo64178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo325103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo418309	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo7318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo415324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo320556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula
denovo68290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo68297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo33549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo443737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo274419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo274418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo172313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo383308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo266448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo207184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo362974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo68120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo362972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo437160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo110626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo331417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo110628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo430396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo233251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo30935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo425861	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo30932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo24418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo202005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo433847	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo433845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo103902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo284364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo284362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo284363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo285019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo244767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales
denovo229811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo229813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo229814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo414057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo286295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
denovo125045	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo465991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo414052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo286299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo125049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo35264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo160416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo466942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo411619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo35261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo466946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo121978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo474495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo474491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo450284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo308334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo308335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo474499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo48827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo306191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo48828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo172445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma
denovo111579	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo55778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo300920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo420560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo420563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo420565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo318129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo207239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo77869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo260842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo318127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo118367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo118364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo65581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo204760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo204761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma aerugineum
denovo241743	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo368920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo329547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo329540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo466361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo329542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo413581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo442753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo34131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo34134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo432826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo34138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo492749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo342706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo342700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo155433	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo305429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo382727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo124028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo413056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo382729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo302432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo120738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo237969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo73415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo63039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo346465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo208840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo409060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo409061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo471984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo50632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo174846	Fungi
denovo87832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo412432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo417777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo9910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo9916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo453591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo231492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Brachyphoris	Brachyphoris brevistipitata
denovo57061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo364806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo479272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo231499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo166929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo18150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas pallidum
denovo458409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo18155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo112170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron tenuissimum
denovo350480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo350483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo260153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo260154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo60607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo423719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo20886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo20885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo423717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo339316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo339317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo261406	Fungi
denovo264436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo264430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo72540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Diplogelasinospora
denovo264439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo338958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo221512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo425003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo221516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo346284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo338953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo338952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo338957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo346283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo368311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo123559	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Modicella	Modicella malleola
denovo131270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo131272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo334096	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo334093	Fungi
denovo340700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo196116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo21827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum	Microbotryaceae
denovo21826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo193549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo197640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo335320	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo459664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo193546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo21828	Fungi
denovo467903	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo230721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo397517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha
denovo174153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Trichocomaceae
denovo134578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo348284	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo111331	Fungi
denovo134576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo125812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo61954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo170434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo170436	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo170437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo422584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo183260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo197398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo197399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo295677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo295672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo494991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta graminicola
denovo262178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo171520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo12838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo12839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo96068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo171524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo363693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo171529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo139681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo481225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo135199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo239242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo482754	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Endogonomycetes	Endogonales
denovo114335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo86403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo436421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo114336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo212985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo114338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo216604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo216603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo130654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo130650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo318087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo318089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo279863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo279862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo225510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo399140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo211956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo191941	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo391797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo305168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo25682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo135223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo495825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo465504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo465506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo223200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo352242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo355212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo93257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo93258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo27875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo101674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo171381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo146875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo136557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo136690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo101678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo136552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo109081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo109080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda_siamensis
denovo294067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo293736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Neostagonospora caricis
denovo172873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo172870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo52540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo455789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Passeriniella	Passeriniella_obiones
denovo450367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo447941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo447943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo55016	Fungi
denovo182608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo98203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo315486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo28699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo439616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo483487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo211376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo211375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Phialea
denovo136880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo211371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo237688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo455258	Fungi
denovo79056	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo185953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo455252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo455253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo455250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo98904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo18960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo351045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo17715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo492410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo351042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo18968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo483156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo36477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo483150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo92120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo11719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo393934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo393935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo312593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo312592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo107731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo143572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo95005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo189185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo495353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo137685	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo292461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo198160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo226354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo194662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo292468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo224269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo224268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo195537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo195530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo290911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo158764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo148084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo355962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo172125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo25115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo25112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo214474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo5253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo112594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo42363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo188588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo9580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo454129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo463323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo201127	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo51221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo148550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo50578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo70409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo70408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo54054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo70404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo256237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo256236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo442665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo54051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo361867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo296616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo431282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo82879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo112042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo96713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo446715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo69518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo6958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo142620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo106466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo227005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo273522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo410569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo396889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo214298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo406861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo275210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pyrenophora tritici-repentis
denovo210933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo210931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo192088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo469544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo188329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo217923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo250991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo193972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo317224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo325745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo193978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo431931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo238716	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo97961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo431937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo431936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo25803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Septoria	Septoria oenanthicola
denovo146012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo146016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo102617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo412082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo2943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo379107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo2946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo412085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo169418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo169419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo419962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae
denovo376464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo243268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo6253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo176922	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo3099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo176925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo377591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo3090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo327196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo44734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo167521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo184936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo102546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis corniculata
denovo184930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo184931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo426605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo252266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo233096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo233095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo183926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo83831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo268979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta africana
denovo336520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo268971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo455957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus pinophilus
denovo291990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo79913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo97502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo100926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo90192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo193025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo351189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo400657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula pruinosa
denovo288076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo141541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo288075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo202571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo202570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo46390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo78062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Pichiaceae	Pichia	Pichia kluyveri
denovo377338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo444080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo105345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo322713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo419896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Gibberella tricincta
denovo377333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo92976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo353966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo42889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo245316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo245317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo90228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo98430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo95613	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo95612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo291837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo291831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo90226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo82351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo126679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo175367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo244950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo175361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo244956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290129	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo32967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Itersonilia	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo32964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo80568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo32963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo46642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo290123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Papiliotrema nemorosus
denovo458531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo308686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo418022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo308684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo418705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo308681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo248099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo470504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo189842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo470503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Physalospora	Physalospora vaccinii
denovo189848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo114072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo14014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo138487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo427261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo232054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo421274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo433397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo433396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo232053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo232052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo399426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo203229	Fungi
denovo424510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo94549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo220005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo4293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo368490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo398862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo93759	Fungi
denovo352762	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo4296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo352760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo352761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo352766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo433644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo93756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo333004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo333005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora_vesiculosa
denovo445028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo445804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo451410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo281802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo154245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo445021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo409262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo241119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo31430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola
denovo31433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo41899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo128703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo241113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo293470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo241111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo128707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo128706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo473332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo405774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo194346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo405772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo194343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo235724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo239873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo239877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo90690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo372779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo162000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo379500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Alternaria proteae
denovo379503	Fungi
denovo379505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo323940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo402094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo57844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo402096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo476216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo373821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo67826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo376856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo15750	Fungi
denovo376854	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo257621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo257620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo425644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo257624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo425648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo398053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo19566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo371082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo328162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo429765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo103360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo429761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo19568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo82883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo486269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo486267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo107476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo94699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo364138	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo335126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo37299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo83489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo84456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo274339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo37293	Fungi
denovo37290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo274333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo37294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo230527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo280046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo280045	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo346917	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces acuminatus
denovo280048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo78981	Fungi
denovo338828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo82685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo30475	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo59704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo83157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo360142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo287779	Fungi
denovo37120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo37123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Crepidotus	Crepidotus cesatii
denovo83158	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo32182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo234189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo256579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo341187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo152270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium	Sarocladium summerbellii
denovo256572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo238838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo431094	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo238832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo238834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo238836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo60161	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo416884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Naevala
denovo300474	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo64701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Hyalorbilia	Hyalorbilia juliae
denovo64702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo64705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo416888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo366792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo304362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo483623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo273643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma tjallingiorum var. laricinum
denovo113098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Lodderomyces	Lodderomyces elongisporus
denovo31989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
denovo892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo216949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo68620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo68621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo368371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo111831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo368375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo331336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo331337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo404320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo87295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo331332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo236960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo484669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia mediterranea
denovo396505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo268108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo366424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Nothomitra	Nothomitra cinnamomea
denovo336644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo336642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo415288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo339928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo145638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo281022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo415284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon utriforme
denovo281021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo23770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo345757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo345756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Exserohilum	Exserohilum neoregeliae
denovo23776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo23779	Fungi
denovo23778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo79074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo48104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo437553	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo437556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo62952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo149048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo436607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo149047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo88762	Fungi
denovo88767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo167640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo36985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina cystidiata
denovo479842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo36980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo423177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo475170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo489699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo475178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo470524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus collinsoniae
denovo59233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Tephrocybe anthracophila
denovo459550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora	Acarospora sinopica
denovo207379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo59239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo207375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo207377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo331730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo462836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo109867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo34581	Fungi
denovo141216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo110013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo288207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo286555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo84366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo236032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo226705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo24202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo277016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo39600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo202631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo381483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo277010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo35186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo422955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo337194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo458306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo224063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo22913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo29925	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo144278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo386145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo383392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo144273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo383398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo125230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo137917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo414622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo137913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo414627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo384263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo137918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo332011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo280811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo280812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Cercospora	Cercospora delaireae
denovo347277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo280819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo347278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo478711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo148713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo358589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo319806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo60837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae
denovo469872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo148736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo20451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo383641	Fungi	Zoopagomycota	Zoopagomycetes	Zoopagales	Piptocephalidaceae	Piptocephalis
denovo20455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo391964	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo383644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Thyrostroma	Thyrostroma_cornicola
denovo383649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo347189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo267506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo308009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo272684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria etheridgei
denovo462279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo267509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo267508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo314567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo163016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo166061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo166062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo99893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo162764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo66835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo162761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo450938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Bionectriaceae	Peristomialis	Peristomialis corynospora
denovo353370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo209722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo108806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo450931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo453379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium banksiae
denovo270681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo450936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo385491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo8987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo385499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo337229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo337224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo337225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala
denovo153176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo339108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo146659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo165080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo146655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo146656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo196092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo146653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo334750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo57742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo225081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo386479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Tetraplosphaeriaceae	Tetraplosphaeria	Tetraplosphaeria nagasakiensis
denovo225084	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo96484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo223874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo438931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo223871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Pseudoseptoria	Pseudoseptoria obscura
denovo342930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo223872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo264082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo392437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo264089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo392439	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Ambisporaceae	Archaeosporales	Ambisporaceae
denovo349056	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo379194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo249565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo5629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo139239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo4306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo98768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo139237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella vepallidospora
denovo90574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo252060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo252067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo164683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo18342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo463638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18346	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo91281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo463632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo338853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo307956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo292647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo180904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo301467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo481386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo288275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo164352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo169558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo261610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo400496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo141383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo400491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo226573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo485865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo91136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo55278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo398175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo398171	Fungi
denovo398173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo111283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo190939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo27246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo131408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta gigantospora
denovo390360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Neobulgaria
denovo134435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo134436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Polyporales	Phanerochaetaceae
denovo390364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo134432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae
denovo327274	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo81767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo76617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo117894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo100495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo351431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo217765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo100491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo327279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo217761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo311565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo311564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo169888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo17036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia geranii
denovo468946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo169881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo468941	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo355532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo133801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo377414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo133808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo290325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo290324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo53538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo306604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo410711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo389728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo464065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo306602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo80630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo391180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo446937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo391189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo249128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo175616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo114277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo114271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo255041	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo255040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo114278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo290491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo168689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo37853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo394299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena alba
denovo12640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo65917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo263613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo263612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo269918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo72307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo183767	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo17697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Verticillium	Plectosphaerellaceae
denovo183762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo183760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo17692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo198553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo86236	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo352160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo397753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo104891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo27936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo130444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo440696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo200619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo109323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo225708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo28221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo156311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo108496	Fungi
denovo17963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria fusiformis
denovo17962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo49408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo141358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo194582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Uncobasidium
denovo49402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo17969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo448097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo223011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo1429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo448092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Pleurotaceae
denovo306677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo223018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo72663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo215263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo104491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo440528	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo76323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria pleurospora
denovo440527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo440524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo319495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leohumicola	Leohumicola_minima
denovo312142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo177618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo404551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo477328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo422225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo490507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo313232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Gloeocystidiellaceae	Gloeocystidiellum	Gloeocystidiellum porosum
denovo376589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo246349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo108148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Neocatenulostroma	Neocatenulostroma microsporum
denovo173970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo243197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetidae	Lecanorales	Lecanora intricata
denovo71657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo421626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo215196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo379071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma
denovo11695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo8020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo76158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo112942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo112945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo112947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo201715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo201717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo444296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo274137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo181269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo321369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo224544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo321365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo224540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo224542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo218263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo268346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo114207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo206848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo210017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo268349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo62751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo11524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo78910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo486717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo486716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo453692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo486711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo100379	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Entomophthoromycetes	Entomophthorales	Entomophthoraceae	Pandora	Pandora bullata
denovo78912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo137492	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo137491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo85398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo126858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo157194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo333925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo147242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo240423	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo442585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo147249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo403129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo85012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo37483	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo395682	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo129043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
denovo126583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo126580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo126584	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo103771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo99042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo179920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo103777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo103778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo324462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo273485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo253074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo68428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo93613	Fungi
denovo41068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo184017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo443183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo443186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo360306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo427875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo490887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo85253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo113707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo268832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo85255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo109540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo431877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo431870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo101959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo101958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo153433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo101950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo68392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Artomyces	Artomyces pyxidatus
denovo68390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo285530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo241773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo348545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo117464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo241777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo79270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo26653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo235902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo324289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo343513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo80157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo65992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo211866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo76514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo203525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo203524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo320905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo347849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo102423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo102425	Fungi
denovo96465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo76510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Mollisia
denovo135318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo45362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo447251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo45367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo309450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo327205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lepiota	Lepiota subgracilis
denovo243438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo309454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo197937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo229595	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo470722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo232484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo245105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes
denovo248752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo245106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo135313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo385704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo117286	Fungi
denovo426474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo392412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo426476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo426479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo119533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo233682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo155774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo233680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo74445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo111705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo99828	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus	Claroideoglomus hanlinii
denovo19695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo421843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo207608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo308498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo362216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo351376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo81206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo81203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo355322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo119287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo204553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo430837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo470480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo72847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo200875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo436303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo93106	Fungi
denovo436302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo277563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo322502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo240160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo322504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo240162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo322506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo271240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo99823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo276213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo271246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo383404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo98607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo151104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo151107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo303719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo303718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo69584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo387570	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo387573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo140354	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella amoeboidea
denovo298726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo395420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo470899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo370789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo62015	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo458141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo375363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo470892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo304943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo120403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo304947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo404614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo404615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo453176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo477040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo496179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo374940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo43033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_secalis
denovo368515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo329198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Bispora	Bispora antennata
denovo433560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo472496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo483088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo378069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia longisporopsis
denovo205603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Valsaceae	Phomopsis
denovo375098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo154168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo378062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo378065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo337425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo375095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo378066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo334193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo334195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo254543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo254542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo156458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Amandinea	Amandinea decedens
denovo220637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo231591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo426768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo254549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo254548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo231595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo128671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo33284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo420030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales incertae sedis
denovo420037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo420034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo201832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo235684	Fungi
denovo201836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo333213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo491064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo128674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo339471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo361174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo30538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo299229	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo299228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Dacrymyces	Dacrymyces minutus
denovo88146	Fungi
denovo30533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo88148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo30536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo299223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Flagellospora	Flagellospora fusarioides
denovo139434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo135728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo402758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo402757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo43799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo402755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Cystodermella	Cystodermella granulosa
denovo135720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Botrytis	Botrytis cinerea
denovo402753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo67983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo37625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo371125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo371122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo70691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo71318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo404410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Erythrobasidiales	Cyrenella	Cyrenella_elegans
denovo135091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo257018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo257019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo164114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo124572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo124573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha
denovo59801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo40070	Fungi
denovo14126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo14127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo317348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita
denovo19330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo478842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo369740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo369741	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo369747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo433182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha
denovo84644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo311760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo367638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo411421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo32665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo32664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo32667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo32666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo421074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo234221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo51729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo228744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo434103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo434102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo434101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo228749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
denovo434105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo95920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo391342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo437451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo95927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo391348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo465723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo233940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo430485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo300535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo344300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo459957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo344304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo121872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo121873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo304444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo304441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo149943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo307621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo307620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo482043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sarea	Sarea_resinae
denovo41302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo432796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo12400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo441630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo461300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo461306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo461304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo430158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo441638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo461308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo94616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo384067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo35578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo341870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo35570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo72	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Flagelloscypha	Flagelloscypha minutissima
denovo168916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Inocybe
denovo168917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo168910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo421938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo308820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo464880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo211523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo411318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo28021	Fungi
denovo211528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo469667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo29771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo450462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo29774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus agnitus
denovo450469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Lyophyllum	Lyophyllum pseudosinuatum
denovo69168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporobolomyces
denovo21544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo420858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo420859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo343656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo434814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo145466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo28794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Flagelloscypha	Flagelloscypha minutissima
denovo144591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo385915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo35398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo272238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo484885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea
denovo272230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo142851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo277604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo272235	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo466651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybaceae
denovo24079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo436413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo436412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo436417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo443759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo63896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo34622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo319308	Fungi
denovo319304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Massarinaceae	Stagonospora	Stagonospora pseudovitensis
denovo319306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo319302	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo122064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo185521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo51617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo302909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo413742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo448879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo188178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo487993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo457116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo70157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo16897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo208359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo16893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Caliciaceae	Calicium	Calicium glaucellum
denovo224387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo224385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo203650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo97387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo22896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo14946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo22892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo134251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo144333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo159131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo89591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo250892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo279175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo152103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo279173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo356648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo439945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Incrucipulum	Incrucipulum radiatum
denovo356642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo439940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo278807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo207848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Candida	Candida_etchellsii
denovo278802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo278803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo306026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo172570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo492059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo159685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo349875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo332603	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo338468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo346779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo406424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo349799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo338462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Pezizella	Pezizella epithallina
denovo147730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo147732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo253275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo148901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo421461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo143029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo253273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo143026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae
denovo366670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo85663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris
denovo354657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo462023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo9201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo262548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo462028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo199880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo379595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo199888	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo341099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo7373	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo396469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo436235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo165767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo165765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo225167	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo167784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo345548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo362771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo23855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo67793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo213257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo15310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Verrucostoma freycinetiae
denovo110600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo15318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo67798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo264329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo363324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo212124	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo262443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo60227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo219317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo13410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo60228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo265498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo390281	Fungi
denovo351453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo390284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo196686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo390289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Bradymyces	Bradymyces alpinus
denovo285380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo294513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo143405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo269499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo82003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo463779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo26322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo130961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella phragmitis
denovo480995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo83970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo145852	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo347331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo265149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo131614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo93058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo145857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo469111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo4111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo196537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo37368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium lycopodinum
denovo301349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon ferrugineum
denovo301346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo438235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo388372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo121744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo313860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo142087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo349089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo170326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Tubaria minima
denovo170320	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces pseudodichotomus
denovo187250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo175131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo416627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo255942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo221916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraboeremia selaginellae
denovo187259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo468960	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo53701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo389970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo176443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo245478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo261868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales
denovo840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo468081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo141190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo398709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo216333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo216331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo77165	Fungi
denovo283859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo263428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo77162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo263427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo171149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma subbrunnea
denovo218196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo74091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo48651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma coprosmicola
denovo481646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo74093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo391665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo298118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo175798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo482595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo255366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo255367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo175796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo482592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo133615	Fungi
denovo290515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo352553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo322072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417232	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes	Monoblepharidales	Monoblepharidaceae	Monoblepharella	Monoblepharella mexicana
denovo290511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo322078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae
denovo295741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo477289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo477288	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo151473	Fungi
denovo409584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo151474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo103159	Fungi
denovo477280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo477283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo477285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo283586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo327752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo155363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo242126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo198450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo175865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo198452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo194173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo228167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo55706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo318170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo179377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo168496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo418568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo182330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps arborescens
denovo48736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo293351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo143112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo372302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo379131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo185648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo189346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo468559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo48734	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo204823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo365057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo76699	Fungi
denovo114753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo114757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo86062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo51933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo289403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Physalospora	Physalospora vaccinii
denovo16136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo101749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo16132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo101743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo101740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo82761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo44861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo112755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo486697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo76340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo102202	Fungi
denovo435233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo435230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo435234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo340840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo402190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo194795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo282066	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo106910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo106911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo106916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo45945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo106919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo37422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo378880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo195225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo195226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo321751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo321752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo315716	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo136931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Sydowia	Sydowia polyspora
denovo45094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo292009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo192793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo192792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo486968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella pseudocryptica
denovo474878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo291269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo313003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Diaporthales	Melanconidaceae	Melanconis	Melanconis desmazieri
denovo476624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo250289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo291263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo297634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo37395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo325277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo419845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo325278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo115407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo115400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo40271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo280600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo199413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo199412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cercophora
denovo70979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo467506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo449482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo70976	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Tremellodendropsidales
denovo449480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo449481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo443224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo192240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo184196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo184197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo184198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo161453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo428918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo129874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo129870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo325183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo201509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo129878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo428916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo126943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo404070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo297986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Beverwykella	Beverwykella pulmonaria
denovo64185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo49336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo480691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo116270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo116276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Bisporella citrina
denovo214768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo214767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo396396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Hyalorbilia	Hyalorbilia juliae
denovo116278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo210222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo94696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo273858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo84338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo117587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo84330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo367343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo106000	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo274497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo274495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
denovo105261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo105260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo40890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo40895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo284058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo283008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo116180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo283004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo284053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo116184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo407173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo479658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Phallomycetidae
denovo336859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo320003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella	Dactylella mammillata
denovo431442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo320007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo296583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo324584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo25535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo25536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo377261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo196942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo430312	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo387689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo286741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo356813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo286749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo53884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo444797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo65859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo328789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo78599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo202088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo370430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo103986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo324630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo47283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo446334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo68214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo185131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo184224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_luteo-olivacea
denovo446339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo62073	Fungi
denovo244460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo309647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo160497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo160496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo80058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Atheliaceae	Amphinema
denovo160492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo32270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo343499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo113935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha
denovo474411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo219457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo113930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo207101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Cudoniaceae	Cudonia	Cudonia circinans
denovo118053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo461144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo81902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo461140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Panaeolus	Panaeolus antillarum
denovo269252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo436259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo466499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo466493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium marchalianum
denovo436252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo232565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo282841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo287832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo287839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo300901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraphoma chrysanthemicola
denovo380160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo57674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Passeriniella	Passeriniella_obiones
denovo359133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo156952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo122261	Fungi
denovo156956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo323061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo229898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo243607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo413508	Fungi
denovo121790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo32854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Patellariales	Patellariaceae	Banhegyia
denovo208599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo308519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo138032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo63308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo208590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo245730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo308511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo245734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo170035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo106551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo459429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo365209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo373428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo459423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo260229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo129091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo378745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hydnangiaceae	Laccaria	Hydnangiaceae
denovo166431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo166435	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Sirobasidiaceae	Fibulobasidium	Fibulobasidium murrhardtense
denovo271163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales
denovo182299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo162536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo162530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Leucosporidiales	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo162531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo248895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo85696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo483521	Fungi
denovo333398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo474094	Fungi
denovo205416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo333393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo205419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo488695	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo338665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo151738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo70282	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo432202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo284870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo92840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo334541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo423799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo387303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo334549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo77841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo231141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo359158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Buergenerula	Buergenerula spartinae
denovo479762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo472515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo85	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella
denovo491293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo174229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo341250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo174226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema	Sistotrema	Sistotrema raduloides
denovo346208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo120114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Gorgomyces	Gorgomyces honrubiae
denovo341259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo128325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo101370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo306345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo306344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo306347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo453705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo128329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo236696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo236695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta gigantospora
denovo236692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo345956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema	Sistotrema
denovo345959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo394100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo436935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo462555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo236698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo161843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea gamma
denovo161842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Cyathicula	Cyathicula culmicola
denovo454956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo13657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo13651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo60025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
denovo14680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo60029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo380368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo422683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo422681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo422680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo422684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo357113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo220466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo479181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo33074	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo366828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea zeta
denovo335632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Golovinomyces	Erysiphaceae
denovo221590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo221592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo420268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo467450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo221596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo478751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo227857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo435426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Panaeolus	Panaeolus guttulatus var. guttulatus
denovo87522	Fungi
denovo310606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo301589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo394423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo394421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo301580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo301581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo397942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo305698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia tsunedae
denovo135113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo305697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo452074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo305692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo331823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo331820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo463204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo235348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Laccaria canaliculata
denovo463208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes
denovo237276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo440020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo237271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo74003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo229467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo465583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo465582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo428085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo216138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo300180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo300182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo19107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo64234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Coriolaceae	Pycnoporus	Pycnoporus cinnabarinus
denovo64237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo263229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo440793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo61040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo263222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo12212	Fungi
denovo455708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo8974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo354871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia fimetaria
denovo95889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo18475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo18479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo154614	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo485123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo271955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo133455	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo133454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helicodendron	Helicodendron triglitziense
denovo133453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula calyciformis
denovo494661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo22518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo487064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo439777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo439776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo271959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo216688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo390620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes
denovo109776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo109772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo131965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo229280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena amicta
denovo109779	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo441774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo437641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo139639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo431804	Fungi
denovo468556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo24917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo304253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo149750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Conocybe fuscimarginata
denovo171306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo25977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo182137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo404925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo92476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia endospora
denovo185480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo189107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo396140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae
denovo122754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae
denovo359566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo483409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo457630	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo457631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo165959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo86513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Rhodocybe	Rhodocybe tugrulii
denovo267215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo267217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo267216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo241569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo98852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo411841	Fungi
denovo272377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Geoglossum	Geoglossum cookeanum
denovo267218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo9503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo9502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo21736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo448443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo94823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo392005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo16448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo435396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo1074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo16441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo158458	Fungi
denovo224778	Fungi
denovo88879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo321513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo224772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo480716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo88872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo438461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena alba
denovo492158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo225821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo220857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia
denovo220855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Toninia	Toninia physaroides
denovo10840	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo135938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo10842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo342196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo342198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo246710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo98859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea	Trichophaea hybrida
denovo140255	Fungi
denovo457099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo317556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo457092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo215568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo199252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo340970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo50862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo340975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo148005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo241944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo347617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo342223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia auriscalpium
denovo159498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo250915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo173217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo26425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo140789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo140787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo26428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Fusarium mahasenii
denovo59654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo59653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo59652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo224193	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo412001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo417037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales incertae sedis
denovo452916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo452911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo487891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo487895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo367240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo181566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo485942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
denovo485946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo480320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo247043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo54582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo480323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo81752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo214215	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo192009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo146368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo143788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo146367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo146363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Lecanicillium muscarium
denovo264174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo349161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo360889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo226843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo341757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo147940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces puniceus
denovo27770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo131138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo131139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo482122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo143253	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo143251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo4631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo25887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo44405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo146090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo407387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo407385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo184427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo419782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo197563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo419787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo444005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo444007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo244667	Fungi
denovo187196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo80299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo363288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo240718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo27487	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo40958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo495470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo80296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo153048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo53009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo468553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo253759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo53007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo153045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo117032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo117030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo202866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo170171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo258580	Fungi
denovo255755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo258585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo411066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo262630	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo232762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo406509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo4099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Camarographium	Camarographium_carpini
denovo475624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo315171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo192913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo192912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo4093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo484313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo132447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo423744	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo495270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo397860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo323264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo322134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo352457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo322131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo138407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo277938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo398511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo398510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo245534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo245536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo297057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo245530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo297051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo297052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo289304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo298086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo85140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo241446	Fungi
denovo241440	Fungi
denovo28938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo28939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo252407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo95693	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo354686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo95691	Fungi	Zoopagomycota	Zoopagomycetes	Zoopagales	Piptocephalidaceae	Syncephalis
denovo354684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo249630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo242629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo45462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo290705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
denovo326301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo290700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo129250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo129251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo42110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo355159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo1910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta exitialis
denovo1917	Fungi
denovo47193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo176632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo86149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Botrytis porri
denovo176634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo176636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo53918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo81652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo488635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo241194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecideales	Lecideaceae	Lecidea	Lecideaceae
denovo241195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo488632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo81659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo323881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo251272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo365937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo17181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo365932	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo55514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo375464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora chaetospira
denovo250584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo151536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo115307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo115306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo115304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo432048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo151539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo473890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo396027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo396021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo155441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo251185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo251187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo17454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo17452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo263810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo321659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo393243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo97267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo104709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Holtermanniella	Holtermanniella_takashimae
denovo75349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo353416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo128120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo451645	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo432598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo128129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo296013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo330201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo446511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo82350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo159829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo159826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo30740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo30741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo82358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo482200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo472069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus	Hymenoscyphus haasticus
denovo195075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo361450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo408626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo247903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo247902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo477740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo477742	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo477743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo477745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo76062	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo254934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo76064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo275393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo72762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo275399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo43994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo156089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo156088	Fungi
denovo316091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo448168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo428270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo448161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo428274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo83333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo89692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo70725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
denovo364712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus collinsoniae
denovo87721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena metata
denovo364716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo364714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo364718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo5155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo262547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo49022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo287262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
denovo487131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo37210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo287264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo395838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo106708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo215603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo477491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo431766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo284797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Nakataea	Nakataea oryzae
denovo284794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora pulchella
denovo153906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo284799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo282153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo281316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo428011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo409972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae	Henningsomyces
denovo425020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo409975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo425021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo79561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo377069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo239380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo282567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo161399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo124925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo39737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo396308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo64035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo471745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo64031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo64030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo238214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo238213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo61205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo384623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo443077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo259846	Fungi
denovo382971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo33465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo161642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo443078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo161646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo105545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo105547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo105541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo64781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo366719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo113019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium conicum
denovo218605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo113011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo266324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo68009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo117771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo266329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo75801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo331513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo331511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo425940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo80820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo126431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo126430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo103867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo324779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo284240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo283215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo283214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo149516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo229914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo285118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo229913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo110098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cystostereaceae	Cystidiodontia	Cystidiodontia laminifera
denovo323741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo437333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo437332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo414153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo244344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo381406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo466868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales
denovo388851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo478243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo160513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo230868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo280549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo466865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo277099	Fungi
denovo470037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo470035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo236636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo470030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo437936	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo303229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium stepposum
denovo461486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo461487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo437934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo95146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo280898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo267054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo332091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo280890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo306107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo420400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo343286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Elasticomyces	Elasticomyces elasticus
denovo332129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo118249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo372946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo118242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo204646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo374477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo374475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo204648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Darksidea alpha
denovo119114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo493512	Fungi
denovo433055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea
denovo442617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo163093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo337116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo34276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo38556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo432900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo383316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo354016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo357767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon rupicola
denovo385412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo427682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo479683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo135483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo173053	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo173052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo51115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo302572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo124103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo135489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo413315	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Entomophthoromycetes	Entomophthorales	Entomophthoraceae	Pandora	Pandora kondoiensis
denovo173058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo96664	Fungi
denovo19728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo421758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo46112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo260586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo237844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo31175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo409106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo409105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo473077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo31179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo473070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo319889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia mediterranea
denovo382197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo179909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo472308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo173587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo442839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo479537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo99064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo399687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo375704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo458523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo338583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo444464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo415099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo278457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo99062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron tenuissimum
denovo228312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo423459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo423458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo264777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo15726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo164604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo164605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo15729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo15728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo350232	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo350231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo425127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo350237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo350235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo341191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo350239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Psilachnum	Psilachnum chrysostigmum
denovo341195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo337807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo337804	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Rhizophlyctidaceae	Rhizophlyctis	Rhizophlyctis rosea
denovo174583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo278189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo278182	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo490824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo196011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Camarographium	Camarographium_carpini
denovo196018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo196019	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo193227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo193224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo193223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo197769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo197768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo230001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium viticola
denovo177212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo230008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo393747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo393745	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo348361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo72402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo131488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo301178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo301173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo301170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo301176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo300226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo255518	Fungi
denovo184031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo411263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo255514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo295130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo295137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo422474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo456351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_panacis
denovo88259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo58043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo88255	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo88257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo88256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo217454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo86112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo262340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo22490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo289140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo13370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo262347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo190756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo168602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo190751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo444545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo168608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo225257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo310471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo139817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo394211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo399621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo301795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo484482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum
denovo354440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo95453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo495707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo465620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo436819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum	Microbotryaceae
denovo160845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo391459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo135309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Gloeocystidiellaceae	Gloeocystidiellum	Gloeocystidiellum leucoxanthum
denovo436811	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo449601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo149659	Fungi
denovo39090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo22724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo190287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo190281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo190282	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo101131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo248833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo298711	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo410130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo434522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo101138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo298719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo294662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber	Tuber pseudoexcavatum
denovo294667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo493705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo305331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo461819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo115140	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo307240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo266046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo65	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo50390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo191483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo226782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo450195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo223367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo24890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo326142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo168270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo321492	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo182498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo92244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo134948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo158396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo92243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo92242	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo143437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo134947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo143432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo191151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo100661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena alba
denovo108415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo226257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo35669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo24765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo118504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo55354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo158649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo240938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo158641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo158642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo158644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo158647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo240934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo189719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo214532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo249870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo48696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo112493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo484632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo137413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo137412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo441254	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema
denovo394625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo316038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo441258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo269101	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo450806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo492733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo442503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo442500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo49100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo185142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo446618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo142749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo484972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Xylodon	Xylodon erastii
denovo142747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo106544	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo142744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo142743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo142742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo142741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta africana
denovo142740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita	Amanitaceae
denovo279449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo69505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo70299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo96238	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo159513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo201292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum hungaricum
denovo357206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo159517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo487448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo397274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo363148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo188043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo487444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo487445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo487446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo471509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo239324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo433517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo314762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Malasseziomycetes	Malasseziales	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo99095	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo37557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Coriolaceae	Trametes	Trametes cubensis
denovo481847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo481844	Fungi
denovo390864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo443670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo2825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo376703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo481849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo447562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo6119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo288956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo325553	Fungi
denovo395976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo349552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo152692	Fungi
denovo14406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo40991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo206226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo410909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo206223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo167401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo77391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo327950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo412211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo426166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo407079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo261081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo34797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo187545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo183840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo152520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo336401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo219620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo116559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo219622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella candolleana
denovo336405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo219627	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus compressum
denovo320457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo364981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Sphaerobolaceae	Sphaerobolus	Sphaerobolus stellatus
denovo110256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo110257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo218976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo323188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo323187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo440927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo117209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo393989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo141468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo400995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo244585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo193143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo193142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo193141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo233608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo78145	Fungi
denovo57012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo401161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo377071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo377070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo7244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Tubaria minima
denovo238586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo27529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo303026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo95156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo479076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo126739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo475995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo105152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Myriangiales
denovo175086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo105155	Fungi
denovo126737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo427693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo42634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense
denovo80487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo440939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Xylomyces
denovo308760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo177828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo385070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Flagellospora	Flagellospora fusarioides
denovo186630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo308769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo440937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo374679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo142696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo374675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo111126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo56498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo305143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo433295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo370705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo363740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo80731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo182828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo363749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta graminicola
denovo154695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo154690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo28873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo28874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo365746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo130880	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo302774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo329116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo138231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo282346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo129190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo138238	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo31379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo297241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo409345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo182199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo281927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo98683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma macrostomum
denovo359694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo151187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo48498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo401111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo98688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo388712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo231511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo382354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo382352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo49727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena aurantiidisca
denovo163875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo235602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo378393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo346162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo218028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo404696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo204335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo321482	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo34423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo254013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo405125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo373945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo452625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo405123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo250770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo405128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo307438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo77507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo276830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo283439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae	Cystofilobasidium	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo473897	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo283433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo283432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo283430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo155255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo82251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo155256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera
denovo155253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo61325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo486182	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus	Claroideoglomus claroideum
denovo334118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo76455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo486186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo335242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo257097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo257092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo360598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo333833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo230643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo358279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo234550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo429590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo401802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo234559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo456915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo426413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo287433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo94997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo381197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo381196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo381191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo83619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo381193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo381192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo443138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo36230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo442269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Solenopezia	Solenopezia solenia
denovo383902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo442263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo442261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo442260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo373052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo10441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo377918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo483244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo377917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo123043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo330568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo123044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo123049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo113199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo51456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo41380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo460126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo68908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo482770	Fungi
denovo79486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo79481	Fungi
denovo360626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo360624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo360622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma tremelloides
denovo265887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo208679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo116614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo116615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo116616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo284167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo284160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo113221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo460380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo345658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo23490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo345652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo434729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo464808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo23034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo23033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo23031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo161564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo166349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo161566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo229035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Glutinoglossum	Glutinoglossum glutinosum
denovo329943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo344382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis agropyri
denovo325617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo1623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo307008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo307006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo434891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo103258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo61412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo438380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo266287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo36660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo385995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo335934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo461380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo309159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo475036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo308208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo491283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo171880	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo358799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo65243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo65242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo65241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo448737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo47274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo286453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Holtermanniales	Holtermanniella	Holtermanniella	Holtermanniella takashimae
denovo24566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo394765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo78465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo74767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo74762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo272106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo78463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo207524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo271456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo224301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo38696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo38697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Ramariopsis	Ramariopsis crocea
denovo276481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo207529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo97301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo394766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo465867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Arthoniomycetes	Lichenostigmatales	Phaeococcomycetaceae	Phaeococcomyces	Phaeococcomyces mexicanus
denovo461525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo465861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo288344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo62147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo381670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo277685	Fungi
denovo35318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo436490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo493985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo54313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo54312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo8887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo414479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo125461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo414476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo300854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo267628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo300858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo302987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Radulidium
denovo166109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo166108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo16818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum dematium
denovo279680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo260931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo279687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo260932	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo453238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo453239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo453236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo162483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo453234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo440470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo111493	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo394830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo424190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo221157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo357048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo272817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo67244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo406015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo67246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo272819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo28192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo482800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo338176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo11895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo490984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo11897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo162154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo490983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo162157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo153638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo11899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo357592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
denovo220372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo492631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo382659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo220374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo392375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo424449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo382654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo479471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo392373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo349713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo485998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo124731	Fungi
denovo124734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo349714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo341546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Allophaeosphaeria	Allophaeosphaeria cytisi
denovo333158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo333159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo148987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo341548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo120605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo490672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo146465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo196603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo27113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo490675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo299749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo252147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo490678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo340638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo142376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo142378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo166817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo336929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae	Xanthoria	Xanthoria calcicola
denovo307858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo488726	Fungi
denovo307852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo338791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo60730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo396850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo13941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo480235	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo386531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo412983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo412987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo144624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo470475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo178131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo217392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo217391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo178132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo164417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo425719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo164415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo100845	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo425714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo327340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo164418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Calloria	Calloria urticae
denovo425710	Fungi
denovo226431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo132229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo398033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo64925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo64927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo390208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
denovo390202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo134770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo391554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo354763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo288425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo26900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo100592	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo288422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilago hordei
denovo169765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo137230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo411186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo437277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo411181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo133925	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo133921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula griseascens
denovo22022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo389603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo486428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo228023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo469197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo131695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo228020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo348196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo228026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo306721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo131698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo249242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo132341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo332543	Fungi
denovo249246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo465470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo132346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo465472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo197266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo249248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo90678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo133699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ericae
denovo133698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo133695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pezizaceae
denovo13235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo13234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo179662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Physalospora	Physalospora vaccinii
denovo418377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo171418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo198140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo227740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo410581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo410583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo410582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo410588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo399783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo451164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo472742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo183649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo414808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo62803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo114420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo94478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo467360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo160653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo101072	Fungi
denovo377655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo168418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo225421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo225422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo385389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo225427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo191836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Gyrothrix	Gyrothrix circinata
denovo327420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo385383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo403473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo216699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo494105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo482376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo289484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo317658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo289486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo289480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo317650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo222047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo317655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo449985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo321869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo50323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo451788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo298906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo298904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola typharum
denovo451784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo321867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo319591	Fungi
denovo477202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo319595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo177710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo493519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo50198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillaceae
denovo404459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo431346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo194715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo326487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo476156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo49293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo476154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo476159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo447830	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo49298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo291774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Peniophorella	Peniophorella	Peniophorella echinocystis
denovo186870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo199763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo340129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo315794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo319626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo54870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo319623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo200325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo251552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo112860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Agaricus	Agaricaceae
denovo455326	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo257254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo51311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo71048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo257253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo62860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo71045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo71047	Fungi
denovo115486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo445575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus	Hymenoscyphus fructigenus
denovo393849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo457256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo398819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo158564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo47268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo393842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo483025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo210118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo253952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Psilachnum	Psilachnum chrysostigmum
denovo312681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo414969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo189694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo189692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo387080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo357900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo357904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo239289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo105779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo428999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo105772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Clematidis	Clematidis_italica
denovo239282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo181096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo295858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo295859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo321130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo295852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo480612	Fungi
denovo480614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo247577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo365467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo312976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo112285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo312978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo189526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo192713	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo316262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo292086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Cuphophyllus	Cuphophyllus virgineus
denovo141944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo141946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo316269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo316268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo411971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo147478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo147477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha
denovo314535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo471317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo283083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo256120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo296506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo442718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo361993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo41144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo361990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo361995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo446000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo5677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo5676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo446008	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo83058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo201584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo360024	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo83057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo83054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo160767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo3786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo206057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo206051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Tremellodendropsidales
denovo55625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo468489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo227395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo153573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo273238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo101851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo210806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo69371	Fungi
denovo153574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo117508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo2782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo2787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo331760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo106086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo331766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo6092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo349455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo349450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo212401	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo232871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium marchalianum
denovo232870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo238625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo453489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo285361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo327856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo323578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma victoriae
denovo327850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo327852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales
denovo376518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo323573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo285368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo323571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo26042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo208025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo5205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo309310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo6322	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo190824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo308046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo190820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo245223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo440874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo210482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo248650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo289818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo190829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
denovo493436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Phaeophyscia	Physciaceae
denovo41857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo9697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo259349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Calocera
denovo259346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo127652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo259345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo259342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo184805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo426730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo373354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo243688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo419543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo446732	Fungi
denovo74565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo153039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo186400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo308591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo19958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo53427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo207720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo421962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo207728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo357973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo107843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo107842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo450028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales
denovo107845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo244796	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo99859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo322621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo353819	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sarnyensis
denovo240086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo353813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo328947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo151226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo77202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo234840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo98726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo351527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo351526	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo242792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo84857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo367842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo72239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo303618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo387437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo157681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo121713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo427065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo157688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_panacis
denovo258432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo427062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo240337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo240333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo418637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo246775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo453038	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo453039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo432281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo123627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo128630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo401301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo453035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo128638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo254190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Laetisaria	Laetisaria fuciformis
denovo236562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo254196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo242244	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo254199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo374823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo472597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo433489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo370110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo433484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo427169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo256973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo207898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo207894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo207897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo207891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo379476	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo424606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo435885	Fungi
denovo438873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo420776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo156798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo138063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales
denovo138060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo480861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo104017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo275159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Chrysozymaceae	Fellozyma	Fellozyma_inositophila
denovo30679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo364006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum rhytismatis
denovo429531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo361038	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo299502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo299503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo299505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo30676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo231720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo122971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo435774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo231729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo452785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo452787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo235037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo235035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo353723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo40487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo40481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo40482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo40483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo120199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo409688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo409689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo286950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo77912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo286955	Fungi
denovo164255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo417912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena belliarum
denovo43821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo286958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo164253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo124639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo124638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo136305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo127767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo490475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria
denovo38619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo422606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo161158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo423951	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo3333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo89377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula subcarnea
denovo488446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo89378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo274204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo19182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo346823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo32746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo381015	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo381016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo32745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo439081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria	Heterocephalacria bachmannii
denovo22225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo22223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo330159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo464107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo369550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo464103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo429381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo369554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo237762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo464109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo311159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo331208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo331209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo95803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo233869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo233868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo233867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo84070	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo84073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo397890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo311154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo463821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo463823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo197537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo32113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo126900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo304566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo149869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo22595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo22591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo228552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo149865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales
denovo413217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo65898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo12527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo470829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo309056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora_vesiculosa
denovo309050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo384140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo93476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo35435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo384146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo384148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo60974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo60972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo160207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo160204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo308901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Sordariales_incertae_sedis
denovo237181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo12296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo12294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo368206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo12298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo368203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo40585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo494882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo1789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo494888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo1783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia	Hyphodontia arguta
denovo366335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo339855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo339853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo186976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo118551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo118550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo281736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo118557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo281735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo388827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyosporium	Dictyosporium toruloides
denovo388823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo229203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo438028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo285600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo3302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo33594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo229209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo223467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo277168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo246028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo436514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo277161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo277166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo277167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae
denovo223468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo318993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo227377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo149137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo227375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo390812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo149132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo149138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces komagatae
denovo415663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo97149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo38245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo415665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo38248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo319022	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo319025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo303939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo122101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo479936	Fungi
denovo399493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo122105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo122104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo122108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo454658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo303937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo16999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo16998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo246794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo384855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo413620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo16993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo16995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo16994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo356295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo266746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo66018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo66016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo95783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo144074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo267299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo459148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo29122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo119607	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo267293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo169145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo69978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo169140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo260749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo69975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo163163	Fungi
denovo163161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo69972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo271646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo271640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo493826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo493821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris
denovo97511	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo278923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo306148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo125345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo306142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo291326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Capronia
denovo342111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo342112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo121452	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo491465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo152792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo152794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo147672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo314337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo337537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo54500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo173842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo278691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo50689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo51489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo347690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo9328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo377626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo346308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo377620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo174749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo50351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo174744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo50355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron
denovo165644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo165646	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo168233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo66908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo153772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo168230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo66907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo456056	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo116728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo394660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo23953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Agaricales
denovo66996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo213111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo213113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo15214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo15213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo15210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo349697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo487811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo487816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo265591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo265592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo63808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo265594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo116923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo116920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo410847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo413671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo60509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Atheliaceae
denovo339071	Fungi
denovo378178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo342809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo385030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo26206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo26207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pseudorobillarda	Pseudorobillarda_siamensis
denovo392501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo197876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo197874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo130840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo56906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo234756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo65234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia griseopallida
denovo348253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo92191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo464665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo480899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo131717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo395049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
denovo196472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo4010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo484398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella globosivelata
denovo196476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo301268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo301266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo484391	Fungi
denovo57366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo419708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo354350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo178076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo354352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo178071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo178073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo455502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo45756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo178079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo416708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Protounguicularia	Protounguicularia variepilosa
denovo411578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo170242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo463129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo411576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo47440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae
denovo53623	Fungi
denovo410621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo47449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo353264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo367978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo252486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo252481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Conocybe inocybeoides
denovo252482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo451084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo81169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylaria	Dactylaria dimorphospora
denovo451088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo217560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
denovo261900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo141093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo141097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo468783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo482942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo482941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo467995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo354727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo400527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo265621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo263508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo90789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo3840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo451332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo263506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo323805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo90730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo481767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo327385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo351721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo327388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo47760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo481768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo316400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo193644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo3841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina	Taphrinaceae
denovo137008	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo400079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo56015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria zangii
denovo133711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo190599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo290252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo407370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo290250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo386824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo133719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo386823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo109032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo109033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo144918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo327659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo222476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo296364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo222475	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo144911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo428671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo90885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo44933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo183566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo5054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo255137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo255136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo255130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo194031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo326382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo175909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycocentrospora	Mycocentrospora acerina
denovo290786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo255138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo474961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo378107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo318032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo318034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo179036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo179034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo171626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo179038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo168596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo171623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo53994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo473993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo473995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Incrucipulum	Incrucipulum sulphurellum
denovo473997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo401676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo254420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo72270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo254423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo72276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo254426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo446592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo258738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo86308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo292788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo46479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo365311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo114655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo269829	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo448257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo93284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo289528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo250501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo289523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo250505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo91568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo207532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo104255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo353769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo353765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus brevipes
denovo353762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo107781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo107782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo107788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo49316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo223709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo326527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo223704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo326522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo397371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo186938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo6509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo104784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo16762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo186931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo389329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo27799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo294204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo101559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo158152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo158156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo192691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo486804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo192699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo292120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo402320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo2086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo402324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo194967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo178850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo106787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo257194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo245856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo215682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo245850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo215689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo4863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo351841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Beverwykella	Beverwykella pulmonaria
denovo161319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo161318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo161311	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo161310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo428814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo428810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo428811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo201629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo428819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo94307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo226614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Polysporina
denovo206932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo449612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo214489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentellopsis	Thelephoraceae
denovo11238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo429149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo361542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Acremonium
denovo330317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena polygramma
denovo11233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo213659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo106124	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo274594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo471295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurophragmium
denovo274599	Fungi
denovo193000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo240514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo181684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo480401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo442693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo80976	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo80977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo284717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo25272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo25270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo25271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo459975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo41264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales
denovo407916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo179068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo41269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo196861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo286623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo286627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum henningsii
denovo286628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo239741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae
denovo444692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo444693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo239744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo94170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Peltigerales	Pannariaceae	Psoroma	Psoroma hypnorum
denovo471122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo160049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus	Hymenoscyphus haasticus
denovo3062	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo320291	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo238291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo68550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo44163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo328312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo75551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo62734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo467491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo328310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo60195	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo444527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo328311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo62738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo321666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo151812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo474512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo431981	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo431983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo273067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo92436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo430058	Fungi
denovo79304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo430054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo285449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo277766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo420483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo427452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
denovo420484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo287970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo336065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo320834	Fungi
denovo122349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo122348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo156850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo285193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo127190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo285199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo436066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo302861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo322472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo413424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo245075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo281632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo281630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo281637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo245078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo281635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo446545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo127440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo426507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo127444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Fontanospora	Fontanospora fusiramosa
denovo419234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo257948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo257949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo119442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis agropyri
denovo374163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo332695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo260503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo163768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo163769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo409188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo207915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo208724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo369373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo369370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo369377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo369374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo121698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo121696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo121691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo428483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo337737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo375781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo244073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo488951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo271331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo488954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo151074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala scopiformis
denovo151078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo334421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo51666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo286361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo440124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo303408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo479608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo231024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo231026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo126311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo370091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo347458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella	Gyoerffyella entomobryoides
denovo370093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo346326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo120257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo381934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo120250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo341117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo120252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo34946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo304836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo120259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo31716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo128402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo406680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo401531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora pseudovitensis
denovo437856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo236795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Ampulloclitocybe	Ampulloclitocybe avellaneialba
denovo387199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo205515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo472389	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo60348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo334284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo275058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo334283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo275057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo125757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo54493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo231684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo394274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo85919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo274903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo428737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo330058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo490207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo490205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo330052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo330053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo87206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo87205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo340247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo364215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo340245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales
denovo340248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo299312	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo331909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo33627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo331907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo135658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo235262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo76051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo235267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo235266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo235264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo230080	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo230084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo400089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas cyathoideum
denovo464312	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo52006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo237534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo229501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo135381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo161053	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo59978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Ascochyta manawaorae
denovo221079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo124403	Fungi
denovo221070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo13048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo265020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo416278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo265022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo13047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Discinaceae	Hydnotrya	Hydnotrya cerebriformis
denovo13040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo160904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo421271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo421270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo12318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo36391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo367743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo485600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo280345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo485602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo280343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo8277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo22414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo133559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo263077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo211235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo450598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo391230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo455193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo455198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo20308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo384264	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo384265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo416856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo170997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo488181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo170994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo446593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo39013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo454355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo439541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo439547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo307710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo437078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo437079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo437075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo36970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo36973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Phacidiales	Phacidiaceae	Phacidium	Phacidium lacerum
denovo62478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo157902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo450668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo492875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo15836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo454576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropomycetidae	Agyriales	Agyriaceae
denovo480457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae
denovo318542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo246826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo168860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo456548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo182767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo431940	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo168868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo483527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo185236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo112419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo29686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo267315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo334730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo16568	Fungi
denovo429114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo458919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo279990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo145514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo145512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo28482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo270816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo158315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo159045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo158207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo24103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo29353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo159048	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo10920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo21166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo21167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo272529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo272528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo21160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo270400	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo215445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo1240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo148164	Fungi
denovo34534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo383186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo8793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo8792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo8791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo8790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo313459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo347156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo159599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo198917	Fungi
denovo198916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo173310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo173313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo6624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo317340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo317347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo6620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo317345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Valsaceae
denovo199064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo356488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo148294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo465744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo231261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo66209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo164817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo164816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo66201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo487109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo489620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo487995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo136838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo152615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo176849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo243016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo93772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo181445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo124708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo210670	Fungi
denovo20489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo89444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo264031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo213320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo261001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo213326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo261004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo94044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo221915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo213328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo325885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo3662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo341658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo350777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo349706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo350775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo314103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo406510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo468088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo341656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo148832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo348934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo295370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Articulospora atra
denovo480175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo348931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo348932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo54770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo480178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena speirea
denovo247258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo456152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo70138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo146194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo462159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo44362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo444328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo400916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo349337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo45090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo467508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo1893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo40164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo467503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo240616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo116888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo168001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo47396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo168004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo348687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo180317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo415723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo184678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo252384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo175001	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo170034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo219008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo416131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo363433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo80404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo80405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo493664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo363438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo418868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Geopyxis	Pyronemataceae
denovo101372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo101371	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces punctatus
denovo192819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo294428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo153256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo102930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo153258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo336103	Fungi
denovo397948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo323101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo392716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo217153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo142241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo480214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo217157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo262068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo322275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
denovo150505	Fungi
denovo150503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo429092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo433219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo324820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo324822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo190415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo324826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo245679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo359563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo365824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo252528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo406368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephora	Thelephora digitata
denovo252521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo412830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales
denovo419119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo45547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo45544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo94607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo355612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo418248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo412444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo42014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo53814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo410479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Brunnipila	Brunnipila dumorum
denovo451273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo376244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo388791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo117826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo249484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo97223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo100423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo98112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo447103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo176067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo371430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo259651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo81464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo263334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo351912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo45219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo396708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo5150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo349913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo155568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo17310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo416567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo130050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo104426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo321997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo353517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo408617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo358766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo473810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Acremonium
denovo312198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo486103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo446416	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo13971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo159901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo159904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo246931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo402428	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo179200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo246934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo195130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo195134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo403775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo72409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Sagenomella	Trichocomaceae
denovo177332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo275297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo372019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria hirta
denovo177336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
denovo112992	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo177334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo451705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo198076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo198074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo476393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo86117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo448044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo188985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo257545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo205063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo205061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Otidea	Otidea cantharella
denovo428135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo188988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo256637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo256634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo70808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo87445	Fungi
denovo41657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo435309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo68583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo368742	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo402287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo402280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo201295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae
denovo49108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo243144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo287341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo243141	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo291460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo252844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo37559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo152935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo252846	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo414888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo237339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo455015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo31860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pucciniales	Nyssopsora koelreuteriae
denovo66137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo345304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo210535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo476538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo313714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo313715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo71171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo71172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo487764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo40303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo261724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo89712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo403480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo445440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo40308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo238313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo238315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo71438	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo455018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Phaeomoniella
denovo367189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo285879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo367185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo274654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo83293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Atheliaceae
denovo375840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo376836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo62881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo274658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo64666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo64667	Fungi
denovo206748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo452168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Melanoleuca	Tricholomataceae
denovo294458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo213808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo377998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo450254	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo65135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo68322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo167924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo266206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis bacilliformis
denovo464860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo392865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo482042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta
denovo331658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Humaria	Pyronemataceae
denovo78753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo202246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo350076	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo78755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo485015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo126571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo202249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo460308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo116696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo336921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo85594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo116692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo85596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo320316	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella cogitans
denovo283311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo149418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo149419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo81872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo285257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo81871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo285252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo362808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pluteaceae	Pluteus	Pluteaceae
denovo323664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo285258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo144629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo119871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo119874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo62674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo309487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
denovo119878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo328678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo381361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo32076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo328671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo370503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo433971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo160659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Polysporina
denovo478369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo470170	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo85732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo470174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo470178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Toninia	Toninia physaroides
denovo432570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo125179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo76850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo473484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo125173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae	Puccinia	Puccinia kuehnii
denovo414741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo267152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo267156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo369153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo80162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo393099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo408133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo390213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Scleromitrula	Scleromitrula spiraeicola
denovo113800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo273695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo486598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo208020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo203594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo208028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo308288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo374338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo72897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Wolfiporia	Wolfiporia cocos
denovo374334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo272726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo329789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo135871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Oleoguttula	Oleoguttula mirabilis
denovo279603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo163354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo163357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo481500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo426351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo380095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo276409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo383215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo98036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo359005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo423180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo121088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo329251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo329252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo329253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia parasitica
denovo329255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo470825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo120937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo281400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo281402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo31031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo421896	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
denovo19642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo200905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo319960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo319964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo373730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo244926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria arecacearum
denovo400211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Typhulaceae	Typhula	Typhula variabilis
denovo385680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo342673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo305599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo400212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe quieta
denovo342678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo305596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo305591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo472467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo305592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo280069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo208977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo150389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo234754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo234755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo117097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo120689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo234750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo162400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo425918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo278555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo270765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo424117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo270763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo367970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo71812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo18064	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo350570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo71814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo337965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo91567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo337966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo337961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo466241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo123797	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo435507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo123793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo403694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo439368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo20973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo123798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo20974	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo236455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo393541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Nodulisporium
denovo86712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo39200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo270493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo270492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo270491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo387011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo335527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo56539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo56238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo491363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo295221	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo336696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo230129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo304643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo131563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo131565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo131567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo10278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo43513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Physcia
denovo417467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora pulchella
denovo248103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo416334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo92057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta africana
denovo300341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo238249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia rhabdospora
denovo454824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo415825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo220510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Atheliaceae
denovo217319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo217318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo264544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phanerochaete	Phanerochaete sordida
denovo217315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo14228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo465468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo390427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo469665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo469666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo190651	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo44231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
denovo464293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo286882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo58250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybaceae
denovo422228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo490011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo390428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo139913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo242566	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae
denovo310739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo489645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo132031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo344918	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo90668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo26988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo436910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo436916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo289776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo289777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo317969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo145239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo149996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo130764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo94048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo149991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo145231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo440156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo440154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo434205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo434206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo440150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo307698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo434209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo440158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo495998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
denovo301966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo461915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo385308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo495990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo305270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo357989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo305274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo440489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo440487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo298987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo391504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo12103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo493598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales
denovo12106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Macrolepiota	Macrolepiota procera
denovo451703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo136648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo493591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena polygramma
denovo319514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo197259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo471729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo36580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo354981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo455017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo455012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo414880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo311067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo17556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo89716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo485019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo404191	Fungi
denovo355059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo355058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo355055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo450258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo355057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo355056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo392861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo485017	Fungi
denovo485016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo457700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo182594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo158296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo390366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo483319	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo28727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo28723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo191211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo100747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo108519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo18858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo226110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo226114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo326771	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo326778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo321206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo321204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo97028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae
denovo398891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae
denovo312605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo92055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo38156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo398898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo353069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo11486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma mutatum
denovo489649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo7820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo422390	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo489640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo316776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Glarea
denovo177139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo316772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo46829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo198270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo46827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo35056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo55167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo55168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo18656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo112203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo9431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo484837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo51392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo448536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
denovo69269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo69268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora chaetospira
denovo215763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo227243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo6231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo361918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo82908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo82900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo198898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo96378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo96374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora foliicola
denovo198897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo198890	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo106377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Strophariaceae	Hypholoma	Hypholoma lateritium
denovo132852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo106372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo80122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo132858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Flavomyces	Flavomyces_fulophazii
denovo213428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo349981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo195449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo314608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo392926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo148319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo148315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea zeta
denovo148312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo148310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo148311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo210882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo210883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo238156	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo241834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo241831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo493996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo241833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo342535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo188253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo169258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo188255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo169256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo169257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo169255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo368468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo3254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo181763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Chrysosporium	Chrysosporium
denovo9558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo196360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium croatiense
denovo196361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo4700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo114434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas pallidum
denovo417144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo417145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo443445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo426043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
denovo243576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Erythricium	Erythricium salmonicolor
denovo213280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo72226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Phallomycetidae	Gomphales	Gomphaceae
denovo401152	Fungi
denovo406499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo406494	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo147787	Fungi
denovo480034	Fungi
denovo427709	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo143099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo143095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo401153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo255928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo269421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo117325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo117323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo117321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Tulostoma	Tulostoma domingueziae
denovo217056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo261210	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo233165	Fungi
denovo400893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo233168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo80375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo221944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo406722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo212482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo216902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo389090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo131005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo419098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo323312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo288147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo45660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo288140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo181001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo141250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo105054	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo105055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo141254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo255998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo427797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo255995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo255992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Lecanora	Lecanora saligna
denovo46001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo27395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo240000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo289892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
denovo289897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo85789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Beltraniaceae	Hemibeltrania
denovo53130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo53131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_malorum
denovo389101	Fungi
denovo7058	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo291943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo291946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo202993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo126164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo175214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo370622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo370627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo370625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo182908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo203021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo363669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo182902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo182904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo182906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo270021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo359240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo362390	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo156820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo78952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo114140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo329012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo329010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo232342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo282224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo289230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo115898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo154003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo47758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo47756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo47751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron
denovo26300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo242715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo388056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo359798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phanerochaete	Phanerochaetaceae
denovo49803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo119168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo105948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo302121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo472269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo352071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo282504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo129327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo6836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo378297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo104093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo49879	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo413474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Claussenomyces
denovo371576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Cadophora
denovo371577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo409572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo362536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Sarcinomyces
denovo218144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo362530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo287753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo189938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo259191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae
denovo96292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo84781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo401387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo259199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo52772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo204274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo76884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo76886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Cerrenaceae	Radulodon	Radulodon americanus
denovo55208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo194451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo405603	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo405605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo194457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo448341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo493993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo77428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo85957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo73963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo40402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo358680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo147169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo259440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo48176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo283575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo251694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo251691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo250125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo250124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo201316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo201317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo152874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo369629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo480977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo421420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo19276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo328051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo358533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo328052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Echria	Echria macrotheca
denovo358536	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo429651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo429657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo296708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo155064	Fungi
denovo107543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Agaricales
denovo34987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo486314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo292634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo408719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo230453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo230456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo439001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo439009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo241839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo383821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo240828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo72613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo477214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo258319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo258310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo376923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo139760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo477210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo422027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo256401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo70611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo256404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo30405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo70614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo273882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo273889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo68820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo68823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo65812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo65813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo102707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo75063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo102702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo360708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo106639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella
denovo367573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo83713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo487042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo83716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Rachicladosporium
denovo336887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo366620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo265964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo96925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo228881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo284086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo113303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo228882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo284082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo434443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo213892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo405378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo308986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo345514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo479651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo368284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo285930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo368283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo285938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo161481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo75393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo124857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo124856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo236853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo124854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo124852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo466167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo352857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo124859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo124858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo284335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae
denovo1702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo1701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo145781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
denovo307320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo320506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo284338	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Tulostoma
denovo145789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo47312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo167889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo36746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo33513	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo36743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo36740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo430696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Phellinus	Phellinus viticola
denovo63916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo308361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Coprinus
denovo171967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo470329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo308368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Pochonia	Pochonia bulbillosa
denovo103398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo144788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo167771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo75930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo110653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo122181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo110656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo423040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo75937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Typhulaceae	Typhula	Typhula ishikariensis
denovo119934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo24449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo286793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo286792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo24443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo475663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo344645	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo202030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo277250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo298303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo427966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo46962	Fungi
denovo289289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo97228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo73575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo109911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo406823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo356219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium muscarium
denovo229822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo229826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo120826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo52899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo89655	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo119684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo491469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo415975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo121983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_malorum
denovo381533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo35216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Sydowia	Sydowia polyspora
denovo39773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo128804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Agaricales	Inocybaceae
denovo318911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo128803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo38425	Fungi
denovo432874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo386078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo276616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo276614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo386072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo276619	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo276618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo386077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo383004	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo303313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo300952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo89999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo347344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo398159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo420537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo478667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo260870	Fungi
denovo260876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo66632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo54362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Petrakia
denovo209123	Fungi
denovo424091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo424096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo357160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo267471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo124448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo197315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo67323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo272919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo67328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo338036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo387984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo338035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo337020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo66518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo279035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lichenostigmatales	Phaeococcomycetaceae	Phaeococcomyces	Phaeococcomyces catenatus
denovo422879	Fungi
denovo337028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo337029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo339345	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulosporaceae
denovo339344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo74152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo424320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_glaucum
denovo231190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo385523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo385529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo349614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo349613	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo124072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo63004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo346437	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo237937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo148662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo120762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo409034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo50603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo50601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo146541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo146543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo340776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo139032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo407036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo417785	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo57052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo299627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo173479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo392582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo342887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo418126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo467397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo18180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo488648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo488646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo260120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo260125	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo488900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo488901	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo412666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo15439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo252770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo217297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo217294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo15437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo164510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo217291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo445542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo221546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo221545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo350302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo18233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo350301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo416780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo341286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo91331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo53261	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo265510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo393183	Fungi
denovo64802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo174291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo393187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo118227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo437966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo278072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo131248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo398823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo207357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo400563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo400560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Friedmanniomyces
denovo230718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo230719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo468703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo400568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo451450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo398662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella
denovo91513	Fungi
denovo398668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma sericeum
denovo384349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo451452	Fungi
denovo174125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo469252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo469259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo469258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo340485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo132263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo132262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo416610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo137081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo316480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo183292	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo269422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo175453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Athelopsis	Athelopsis lembospora
denovo13178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo255205	Fungi
denovo300133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo295629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo13170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo8660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo295623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo262181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo228694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo454672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo228690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo454675	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo454679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo397934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo451009	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota_incertae_sedis	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae
denovo451008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo481277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leohumicola
denovo283878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo86439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo82711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo114304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo450359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo216657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo216650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo216652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella	Zopfiella marina
denovo279853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo279854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo76931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo310503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo211923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo399130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo394323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo399134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo400116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella	Gyoerffyella tricapillata
denovo263589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo222165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo86380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo133134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo133130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo352276	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo27846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo27843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodosporidiobolus	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo248904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia	Hyphodontia aspera
denovo76819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo248900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo225679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo440722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo136567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo440725	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo315361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo28390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo491109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo136568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Gloeophyllales	Gloeophyllaceae	Gloeophyllum	Gloeophyllum trabeum
denovo97962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo293706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo225676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Phyllostictaceae	Phyllosticta	Phyllosticta carissicola
denovo91257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo144993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo249056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo188866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Discinaceae	Hydnotrya
denovo428761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo188861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo39436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo454759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo215354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo182652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo182658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo451917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo294280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo294281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo54937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo294283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo222785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo222786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo185922	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo185921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo251452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo177587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo76719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo18952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo18950	Fungi
denovo18956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo201152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meripilaceae	Diplomitoporus	Diplomitoporus crustulinus
denovo201157	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo257117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo71729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo416366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo199592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo11723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea japonica
denovo486559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo9748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo284412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo109157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo268146	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo276968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo29441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo29440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo29442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo29446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Mollisia
denovo97440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo147083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo218574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Ceriporia	Ceriporia purpurea
denovo158739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo449696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo290948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo489859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo7676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo396216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo486883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo489853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo489855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo141861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo401446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo2000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium	Sarocladium summerbellii
denovo471215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo403058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae
denovo148509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo148506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo240596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo240591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo148502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo54067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo442610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo256241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo134159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo283167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo486011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo481077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo256248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo441556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo430973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo112071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo71011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo141937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Conocybe enderlei
denovo155346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo262979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo273572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Geoglossum
denovo210964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo45665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo104941	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo45664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo180402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus collinsoniae
denovo184380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo252890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces	Sporobolomyces salicinus
denovo360271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo98579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo141253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo405564	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo360279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo360278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Pertusariales	Icmadophilaceae	Siphula	Siphula elixii
denovo317272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo140732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo212522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo268944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo212526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo212525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo154594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo29960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo241646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo294916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo102623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Gomphaceae	Phaeoclavulina	Phaeoclavulina abietina
denovo269091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo323437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo376419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo323431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo26720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo444618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo478774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo471304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo444617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma linderae
denovo308165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo308161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo41952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo259229	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo4514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo184961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo252239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo184962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo402826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo4519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo127115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo402822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo360850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo360852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo447141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo474640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo27394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo360859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo419424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo219718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo96076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo13810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo336573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo53306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo186521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo73374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo186524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo186529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo186528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lyophyllaceae	Termitomyces
denovo323298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo155644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo110329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo323294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo233732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo244698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo244699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo78030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo202545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo244694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo353913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo27452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo398306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo242691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo351205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae	Flavoplaca
denovo351206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo242698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo121616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo244962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo126640	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo220779	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo427189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo5728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo32953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo258577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo129420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo290114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo290116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo290117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo42705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo240279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo418774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo383571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo383573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo62438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo80372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo404053	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo249317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Selenophoma	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo404056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo249312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo303482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo419329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo177409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo365982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo427230	Fungi
denovo150693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo461274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo232060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo150697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo375251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo55779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo375255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo375254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo375256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo276057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo276056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo115912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo207995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo453661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo477172	Fungi
denovo453663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo251159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo372705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo220034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo476889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo156693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Coprinus	Coprinus phaeopunctatus
denovo156695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo156698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo420635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo476887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo150967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina rehmii
denovo333051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo333050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo281856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo120562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo46519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo120569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo299428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo52495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo87172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo231606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo87178	Fungi
denovo420185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo33337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo366986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo402599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo366983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo163982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo163988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo259768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo162055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara	Chalara_longipes
denovo259761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo417816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo30446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo395265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo127930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo67871	Fungi
denovo221788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo460428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo16154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo71440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo287180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo425697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo37795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo59096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Olpitrichum	Olpitrichum_sphaerosporum
denovo14726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo90002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo429755	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo429757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo429750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo364168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo364164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo121100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo371058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo429759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo212689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo264916	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo164068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo274364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo274360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo309972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo309975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo70910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Polyscytalum	Polyscytalum pustulans
denovo14096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo160988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo369450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo369451	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo490282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo87287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo237600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo286853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo236955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo311619	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo236951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo331363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo360132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo311610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales
denovo331368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo287721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas cyathoideum
denovo311614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo271858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo32170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo271853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo32177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo439633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo228455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo228458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo238807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo96716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo62967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo62966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo300442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo170917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo144451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo304358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha
denovo160363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo370833	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo231923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Kabatiella
denovo87829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo492441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo410840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo87827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo364831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo75218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo68614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo68612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo45968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo74166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo366474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo126708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo85465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo460495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces variabilis
denovo460490	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo113537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo85463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo460493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo345728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo335432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bovista tomentosa
denovo23726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo370193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo23725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo229327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo79020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo285761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo285760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo285762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Paraphoma	Paraphoma fimeti
denovo437560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo149038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo465044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo39633	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo39632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo277047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo355975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo223545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo355970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula subericola
denovo190709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo318896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo318897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo39639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo355935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo277049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo69054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo113988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo149075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo1132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo279919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo415505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo460726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo227698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis corniculata
denovo463906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo492530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo438271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo438272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo479874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo69014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo466760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo39984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo39987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo39986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo457359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo470519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo39982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo5601	Fungi
denovo59266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo457350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo154004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo208198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo8715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo266660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo319274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo319279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo319278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo437381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo119765	Fungi
denovo119766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo119761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo119768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo267396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Sugitazyma miyagiana
denovo8509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo163047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo415541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo163043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo166030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo38334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo260622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo97412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo208441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo144241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo414679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo144247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo125264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo108275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo332040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo108276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo280846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo384955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo332048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea japonica
denovo280841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo337277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo91810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales
denovo91819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo147536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo54265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo278799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris spartii
denovo20772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo383631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales
denovo278797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo362987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo173398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo198993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo9047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo9040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo342386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo246658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo253302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo84090	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo174625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo50013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo168370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo24144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo66866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo143197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo392451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo168379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo209710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo108850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo108853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo436841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo362592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo476647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo39941	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo487918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo168088	Fungi
denovo116805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo246870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo146660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo270308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo299984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo299985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo357462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo463445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo142576	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo223849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo483800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo325801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo325800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo468001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum	Microbotryaceae
denovo221998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo464589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo395124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo395126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo464582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo464583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo464581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo131458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo4355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo4354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo63740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo289803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo196737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo310206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo196735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo417598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo484290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo417595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo417594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo484296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo456981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo63743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo95221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo18372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo6910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo95229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Didymella dimorpha
denovo463600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo463603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Retroconis fusiformis
denovo463604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae
denovo467581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo307921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo440627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo415995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo53543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo53542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo149669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Naevala
denovo47529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo10610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella
denovo178624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo217485	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo217484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo164303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo213900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo226508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo419198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo91107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo27298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo27296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo212051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo262577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo265706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo12611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo6922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo481406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo38090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo481402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo362746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo90471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo396470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo311558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo311559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo217733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo217732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo311554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo396478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo218140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo311550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo217738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo197062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Coniocybomycetes	Coniocybales	Coniocybaceae	Sclerophora	Sclerophora pallida
denovo127626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo379746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo224862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Rhodocybe
denovo295182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo42540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo295184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo110180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo386949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo348069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo295188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo248207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo386942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo248203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
denovo222339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo191728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo48724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo48727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo351990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Ilyonectria	Ilyonectria mors-panacis
denovo396781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo351993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo327514	Fungi
denovo446942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo393807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo17395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo183485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo187902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo183482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo17392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo475538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo255072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo255078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo355690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo42095	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo341839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo440397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo186050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo42098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo176575	Fungi
denovo296197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo404526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo185880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo446491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces caricis
denovo441444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_malorum
denovo251795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo292865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo365210	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo450140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo183733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo114510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo46736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo114512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo450148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo289648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo55495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo130475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo318665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_luteo-olivacea
denovo289645	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo101180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo182280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo101183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo225738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo203969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo203968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo72481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo71354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo254673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria aconiti
denovo275213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella avenacea
denovo185775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo466633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo475199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo86190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo322948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo258163	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo258165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo326641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo322945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo349824	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo349826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo321914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo493207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo109660	Fungi
denovo493205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo312112	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo359850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo49188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo357876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo102193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo435380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo98849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo198385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo108130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo108131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo49187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo106866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo182731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo194805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora
denovo282113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo71687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo194809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo447725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo282116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo282114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo47063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo245953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo245951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo315664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo245959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo379049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo452768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo8052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo8053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo449133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo19940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo274169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo275329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo181252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo199380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon niveum
denovo206871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo206873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo50975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo181259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo489958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo11577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo210022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo361463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo30	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Retiarius
denovo489956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo100324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo489950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora	Acarospora austroshetlandica
denovo100322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
denovo331166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo367105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo213591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo360331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo201471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo106243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo12053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo331169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo147275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo147270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo151953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo480727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo284612	Fungi
denovo389890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo283648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo116349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo192401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo5473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo344037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo314225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo103749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo99079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo239669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo206291	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo358065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo179913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo283393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Ceratocystidaceae	Ceratocystis
denovo324432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo70221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo41033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo320399	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo68455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora	Acarospora sinopica
denovo68454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Pustularia
denovo446136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo252918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo252919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo252914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo444408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo427889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo85261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo429958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae
denovo370585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo273307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo273305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo113739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo60287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo288259	Fungi
denovo425550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo180612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo226557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo352967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo426287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo352961	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo285569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Didymella chenopodii
denovo111772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Tetrachaetum
denovo111771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
denovo258980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo219526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo74419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo235956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo235951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo336300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo336301	Fungi
denovo343562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo80165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo113881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo166567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo474789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo489067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiella pulchella
denovo338222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo362882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo371989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo461033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo447268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo475786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo475780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo63548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillaceae
denovo322533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo322535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo329704	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo322537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo322539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo63540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodospora
denovo148782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo63547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo358531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo245133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo245134	Fungi
denovo99523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo167300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo167301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo359082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo110286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo374006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo119568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo211172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo48729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo460210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo375353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo308466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo260422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo260421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo378586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo458179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo260424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo421815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo421812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo421810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo228148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Drechslera poae
denovo362227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo369232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo391912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris cynodontis
denovo90509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo70546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Coltricia
denovo233505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo401962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo233500	Fungi
denovo84828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo111488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo459590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo157449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo138809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo459599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo111483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo111485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo157445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo488856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo337476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo260393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo75987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo337478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo151132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo461164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo383432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo100612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo327256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo48443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
denovo387544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo236366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo236364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo236363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo332538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo236361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo236360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo396426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo332533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo293410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo472755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo382527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo382528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo403925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo383512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo61687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo346042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo381873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo489283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo381877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita
denovo522	Fungi
denovo304971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo304973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo31611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo31612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo128523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo228144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Holocotylon brandegeeanum
denovo128526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo134007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo128529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo453148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo286133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo387090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo368549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo368547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo368540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo370204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo370209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo163532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Tremellodendropsidales
denovo416298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo372511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo306232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo453496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo306234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo306237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo125651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo306239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo377749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo346649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo56142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo396744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo15642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo56143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma victoriae
denovo71893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo346644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo35634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo468495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo491050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo491052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_malorum
denovo205389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo88118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo489949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo422731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo310047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo310042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo299216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo299218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo240320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo135752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo33106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo418627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo33100	Fungi
denovo253346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo33109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo467740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo37613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo467747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo120069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo120067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Pleosporales
denovo463049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo48044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Erythrobasidiales
denovo139998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Postia	Postia undosa
denovo380838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo434174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo139992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo340050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo340054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo301613	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo301617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo234342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo264894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo264892	Fungi
denovo264891	Fungi
denovo124526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo344995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo124522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo436995	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo59835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo452368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo14113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
denovo14117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo432428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum rhytismatis
denovo19344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo19343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia	Hyphodontia pallidula
denovo12451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo12452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo84677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo461999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo221244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo137449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella citrina
denovo381125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo485720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo280263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo421040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo236575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo265277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium stepposum
denovo20269	Fungi
denovo20262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo95970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo303590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo191525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium	Lophodermium piceae
denovo20265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo344378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo170898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo459961	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo459962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo226626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo92723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo494579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Crepidotus	Crepidotus cesatii
denovo22687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo149916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo304497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo439465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales
denovo1810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_panacis
denovo445971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo460027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo20198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo191297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo131859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo441601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo461371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo20193	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo226199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo341820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo384033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo495858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo244442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo318463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo168947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo304145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo168942	Fungi
denovo94993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo74581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula flavovirens
denovo171274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo211575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo336298	Fungi
denovo251805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo251807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo251809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo251808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo420805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo454323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo227577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo87020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo438335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo77703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo23552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo270917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo23556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo159165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo246155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436466	Fungi
denovo469967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo1364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo390961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo469963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Paraphoma	Paraphoma fimeti
denovo171850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo415719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo171852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo154091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo7283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo405949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo246484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo246480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo188123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo405944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo59018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo317421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo130063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales
denovo97821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo330483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo34364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo11373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo11379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo164910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo453807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza	Hyalopeziza nectrioidea
denovo479671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo379467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo395400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo166208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo377674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo152159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo440701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo449263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo214054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo386363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo83527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo67746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo67747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo438862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium	Sarocladium summerbellii
denovo350631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo406416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Sphaerulina myriadea
denovo341596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo406410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lecanoromycetes	Lecideaceae	Lecidea	Lecidea cancriformis
denovo263988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo263981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo147709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Physalospora	Physalospora vaccinii
denovo50195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo148975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo58768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo58769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo143016	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo143017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo143013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo70303	Fungi
denovo44245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo247537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo490432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo484920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo349271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo130936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo141704	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo72988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo261041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo216981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo341042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo341045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo181987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo253511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo449843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae
denovo253513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo459408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo7326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum fuscescens
denovo471249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo225158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo153685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo225153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo269353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium brasiliense
denovo261169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo261165	Fungi
denovo213204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo10132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo412399	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo416675	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo13446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo418941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo329698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo418947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectria ramulariae
denovo101235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo101232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo136190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo294544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo333325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo264669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo389341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Hypocreales
denovo392618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo392612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella tricincta
denovo392613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo392610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo45192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo261297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo392614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo398752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo232612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo265136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo232615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo64498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo182982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo390104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo340319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo182986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo196505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo469148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo196502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo136443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thyronectria	Thyronectria roseovirens
denovo98234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo146998	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo252646	Fungi
denovo252647	Fungi
denovo412975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo410192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo475814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo142050	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo475811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Helotiales	Geoglossaceae
denovo5876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo187202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo42352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo94727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo94722	Fungi
denovo94723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo297162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo298315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Polyporaceae	Dichomitus	Dichomitus albidofuscus
denovo245446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo364034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo469399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo158975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Dactylonectria estremocensis
denovo404220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo81097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo261838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo100547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo261836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo100542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo88039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo476605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo202912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo170662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo170667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo378212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo418051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo378216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo418056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo451427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo95269	Fungi
denovo283860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo222381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Xylomyces
denovo222275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo259110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo327491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Dacryobolus	Dacryobolus sudans
denovo81540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo259114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo323932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo76804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo316539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo96266	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo17211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo288724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo402961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo352568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo198949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo403823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo133627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria marina
denovo355713	Fungi
denovo432759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo276974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo276972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo109146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo151443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae
denovo432754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo151446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo151447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo401475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo312096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo312099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo143830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo95265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo404488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo143834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo30107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo114499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo114497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo114490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo329861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo194102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo243843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo314877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo290670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo318140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo179322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo179320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea
denovo128059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo353384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae
denovo489589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo312328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo372356	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Cunninghamellaceae	Absidia	Absidia anomala
denovo372351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo204814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo177477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo177476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo177470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo177472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo112893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo112890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo486397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo258644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo352388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo46506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo365003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo114723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo198735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo55281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo257423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo6678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo250439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo162974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo107099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo442104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo361784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo107091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo112760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo72691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo359957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo72694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo112766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo298844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo258396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria aconiti
denovo145780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo258394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo45973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo282097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo291787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo291785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo37457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo157845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo37452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo471535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo37459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo104676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo330402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo334980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo486933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo320502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo102784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo102782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo435190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo313056	Fungi
denovo313053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo102789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo472951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo83793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo42547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo315501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo360787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo419830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora
denovo315500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo257289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo287579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo410787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo471908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo294354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo57439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo407868	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo407869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo44396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo407865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo161407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo2422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo201536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo201530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo376304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo205853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo496404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo205851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo205856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo105780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo297952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo105785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Alternaria tellustris
denovo181045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma victoriae
denovo445654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia
denovo429034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Colacogloea	Colacogloea_philyla
denovo218440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium	Paraconiothyrium brasiliense
denovo449104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo259938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo443760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo443762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo443765	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo443764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo443767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Cystodermella granulosa
denovo95198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo475370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo74331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo336808	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo74338	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo304747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo331899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo85656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo283057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo228804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo284001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo284000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo460223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo460226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Galerina sideroides
denovo362923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo362922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo144703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo117603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo117604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hypsizygus ulmarius
denovo81932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo331469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo144709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo408553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo233207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo244182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo233208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Microstromatales
denovo244186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo103951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo103953	Fungi
denovo370469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo460598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo65670	Fungi
denovo479708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo446302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta gigantospora
denovo414026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo45884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo323056	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo475596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo62020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo475594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo244450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo309671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo439008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo244453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina	Taphrina padi
denovo121903	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo32249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo32248	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo309678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo478552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo166452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo444236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo478556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo128883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo207173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo207177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo73646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo68176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo68172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo47039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo267748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo72993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo260201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo72991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo267740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo111523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo470327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo336110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo276569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo203703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo77814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo359166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo98179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo445182	Fungi
denovo60759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo156926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo127682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo138636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo32864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo124347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo124346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo124344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Phaeomoniella
denovo413553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo124340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo470945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo333560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo333563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo409087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo281524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo167116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo167115	Fungi
denovo34161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo421995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo477995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo48892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo303399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo477993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo319160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo383089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo303392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena speirea
denovo121270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Cantharellaceae	Cantharellus	Cantharellus albidolutescens
denovo347526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo472543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo472542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo121279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo305492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo305493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo472549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo305495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo302441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo63081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Malasseziomycetes	Malasseziales	Malasseziaceae	Malassezia	Malassezia sympodialis
denovo260213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo469039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo195	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo207822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo421660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo297053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo84888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo424019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Leucosporidiales	Leucosporidiaceae	Leucosporidium	Leucosporidium fragarium
denovo204731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo424012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Beauveria	Beauveria pseudobassiana
denovo423298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo424015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Minimelanolocus	Minimelanolocus obscurus
denovo76174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo166999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Geoglossum	Geoglossum inflatum
denovo178596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo18106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo91441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo205466	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo205464	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo18103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo458453	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo338610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormiella	Sporormiella leporina
denovo338611	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo491797	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo76178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo491799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo14830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Trapeliales	Anzina	Anzina_carneonivea
denovo123690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo284826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo284820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo20835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium
denovo278340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo20833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo278346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo162695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo231119	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo231114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo350382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo467461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo341204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo84595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo341201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo496210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo350428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo128319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo64880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo476443	Fungi	Aphelidiomycota	Aphelidiomycetes	Gs16
denovo304720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo34838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo134630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo306378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo453758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo462522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo10339	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae
denovo10337	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae
denovo9947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella
denovo462529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo67504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo13686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo13687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo13685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo221869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo460961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo88093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo133893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo439096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo10483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo217212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo217213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinopsis candidolanata
denovo264467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo217218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo262106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo64261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo64266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Exserohilum	Exserohilum neoregeliae
denovo445497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae
denovo439239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo265339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo262109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo456226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo58350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo422502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo356215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo64282	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo58357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo422509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo490117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo456228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria furfuracea
denovo296989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo266826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo469030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo484642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo197618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo331870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo287037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo197611	Fungi
denovo197617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo26868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo348980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo130609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo268583	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Paraglomeromycetes	Paraglomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Paraglomerales	Paraglomeraceae
denovo149891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Microdochium colombiense
denovo440052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo434325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo434324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo225542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo151634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo284855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo229437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo36152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo388613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo36156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo36154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo36159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo177098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo207517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes
denovo249815	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo149761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo191763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo248980	Fungi
denovo214558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo307402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo307405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo182168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo397919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo493492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo465940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo95815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo189770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo451629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma aeria
denovo172820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo172823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo455750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo311186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo89054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo459883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo482727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo271968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo354808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo271961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo483454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo483453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo109789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo397916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo211304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo211303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo109781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo319780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo131956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo222707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo266176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo222702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo191313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo426834	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo20014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo455282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massariosphaeria
denovo226014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo476070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo355267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo355262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo223254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo223257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo326039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo304265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo304266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo304260	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo38290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo353142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo321569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo91383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo28570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo28571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo137658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma subbrunnea
denovo489760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo489767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo414341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo15949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo108789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo15942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo170866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo362178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Parastagonospora	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo15945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo55040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo57365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo165960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo457663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo38741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo8485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo8484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo5220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo29193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo403102	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo29197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo411832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo142984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae
denovo411830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo355849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo456386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo9572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo21760	Fungi
denovo21762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo355841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo142988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo21766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo21767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
denovo149870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo458868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo69349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo458866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo210476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo210471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Stereaceae	Amylostereum	Amylostereum areolatum
denovo66378	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo97595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo29229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bovista promontorii
denovo9688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo9686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo9687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo9685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo29221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo487606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo188681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo246725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo487600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo106439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo97591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo317585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo480776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo54663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo279575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo279574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo340925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo199269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo195564	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo386070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Thelephoraceae
denovo146350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo146351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo159469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
denovo192039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo342276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Goffeauzyma	Tremellaceae
denovo178238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo26418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo51433	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo178237	Fungi
denovo51436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo217975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo169190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo193926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo325719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo47920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo377811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo316366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo72370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo377815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo148582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo50526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo50524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo294994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo184472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo184470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Conocybe siliginea
denovo2993	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo443566	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo443565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo184478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo376492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo376493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo376491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo291317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo243239	Fungi
denovo243238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo376499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo181538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo169449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo391868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo206398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo412585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Sporormiaceae
denovo117046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo261314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo155975	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo67576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo183972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo226831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo226835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo147911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo46776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo179549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo147912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo62353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo484557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo179540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo296844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo238749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo320742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo43263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo25858	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo405472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo35408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo296849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo90140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo45789	Fungi
denovo95390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo397836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo100991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo145390	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo90149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo100998	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo105311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo258865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo255899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo46327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo400606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo258862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo105316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo255897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo240762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo240760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo248519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo248515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo389207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Lectera	Plectosphaerellaceae
denovo445921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo52385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo419206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo175317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo170142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo202891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo411054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo203924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo232795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo74868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo290197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo395097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo80533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo80538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo269679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo218847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo359365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo98370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo359363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo481138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo481136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo269675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo484321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo111052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo111050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo150610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Eremascaceae	Eremascus	Eremascus fertilis
denovo150616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo150617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo418818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo289377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo203271	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo203270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo115994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo203275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo210692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo327028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo351280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo388150	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo241498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo351287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo105866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo355109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo93721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo355105	Fungi
denovo93725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo302605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo355100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo104198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo68705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo61932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo298509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum virgineum
denovo53922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo104192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo297332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea gamma
denovo102983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo176660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo409231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo241148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Clitocybe	Clitocybe paxillus
denovo31463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo81663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo81662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo293423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo362671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo249397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia juniperi
denovo405722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea japonica
denovo205267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo194316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo55565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo96174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo163906	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo115379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo115372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces luteus
denovo203859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo115374	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo77742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo432092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo351826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo432098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo351823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia africana
denovo156619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo254383	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Rhizophlyctidaceae	Rhizophlyctis	Rhizophlyctis rosea
denovo368832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo254388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo156613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo156615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo86154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo221702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo250605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo49495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo175565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo19534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo85668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo92450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo92452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo103335	Fungi
denovo155149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo155141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo155140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo361370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillaceae
denovo296066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo85318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo402514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo43494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo198677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo159879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo198673	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo408618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo346948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo280032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo280033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo206178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Tristratiperidium	Tristratiperidium_microsporum
denovo32463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo280038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo32460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo85666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo477713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Microcera larvarum
denovo477712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
denovo212690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo366304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo64211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo422871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo72717	Fungi
denovo480198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo444807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Polysporina
denovo444800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo367566	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo192131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo64066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo337023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo206983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo70717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo422343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo82589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo70713	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo268814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo361599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo238880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo238883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo275672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo275673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo102062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo102060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo435016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo335156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo219929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo282687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo282684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo219926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo219925	Fungi
denovo366747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo116050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo237027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium
denovo281345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo237022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo281341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo310051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo68696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo75291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo75296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo426993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo82434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Ostropales	Stictidaceae
denovo111888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo426994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo325058	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo87506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo98505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo149561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo145665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo434652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella citrina
denovo415232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo320266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo61254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo443045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma milleri
denovo76271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo259870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo259873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo161671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
denovo477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo415586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo431741	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo307177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo307179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo65003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo167635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo65006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo310055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo486747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo426339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo110592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo426334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo75871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo75873	Fungi
denovo425970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo286696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo335849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo288934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo328475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo459366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo109814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo109811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia longisporopsis
denovo369926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo207329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo369925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo73438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo110043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo329146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo414181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo287305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo414187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Colpoma
denovo24273	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo344450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo83520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo24278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo344459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo106825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo37514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo64728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo466816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo436659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo219899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo469449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo461452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Agaricales	Inocybaceae
denovo89463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo303217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Lycoperdon	Lycoperdon perlatum
denovo381784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo496473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo420478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo478743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo470594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo208119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo208115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo496477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo66571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo66572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Thielavia intermedia
denovo58537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo346430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo204672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo459601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo459600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo132148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo362798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo459609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo496478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo343104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo445117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo343101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo343103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo38500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo276715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo38506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo38507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo276711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo424209	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo334491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo334493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo334494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo334495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo209792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo394941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo394944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo347482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo42645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo342479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo334046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo124134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_panacis
denovo124137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo124139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo333714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo122112	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo496530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo346572	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo50728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo409172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo401125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo50721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo31102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo270386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo462487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo299900	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo270382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo299908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Entodesmium
denovo52111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo392462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo21355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo467051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo426186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo260002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo52115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo346685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo447443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo52117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo479221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo423461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo165566	Fungi
denovo412743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo412742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo412745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo252039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo452475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo463680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo135983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo463682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo463683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo425156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo491162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo425155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo304884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo304880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo183203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo83960	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo131360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo196045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo187520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo346540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta africana
denovo437882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo187521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo164385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo217404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo217403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo10695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales
denovo213980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo213981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Camposporium	Camposporium antennatum
denovo197796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo197797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo288221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo197795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo141350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo489105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo311881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo350196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo485839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo91185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo91184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo384427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo56449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo384420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo165384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo139289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo310289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo340989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo134468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo415028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo170786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo170783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo494268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales
denovo411211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo255567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales
denovo298675	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo454732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo133855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo227987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo415919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo456381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo415914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo206836	Fungi
denovo340980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo256678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo12928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo180979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo114229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo183404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo70849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo187981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo114222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo300762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo168658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo13341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo168650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo12698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo227676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo310429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo12691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo12695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo65946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo65940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo135334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo391462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo391463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae
denovo55773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo481489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo397708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo391088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo485302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo114598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo267929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo493486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo216462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo6971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo16332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo27962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo101100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo145303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo434510	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo101105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo101107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo293629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo356835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo97808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo293622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo28295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo293626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo249156	Fungi
denovo461869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo305309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo249150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo465361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo305305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo52636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
denovo461864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo305303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo318599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo318597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo164512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo55368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo115174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo176313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo217290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo115172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo115173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo440570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo440573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo307236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo440577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo391289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo319422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo391284	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo391285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo391286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo251711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Phaeomoniella
denovo251716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo71603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo182467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo457415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo16592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo199651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo199657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo109597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo211113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo353269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo20609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo455589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo191102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Hypocreaceae
denovo441194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo20603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo191109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo489483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo350303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo108424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo292575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo29525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo194550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo169177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo195680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo224512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo321330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo158674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo214568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo458223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo7735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo214562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo107197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo432915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo441223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo441220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo5383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo441227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo441225	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo313247	Fungi
denovo313242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo46956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo246394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo405250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo64804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo246393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo246392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo314734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo442559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo353569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Panaeolus	Panaeolus papilionaceus
denovo363861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo295923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo295920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo91339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo456899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo393321	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo214699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo70556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo54102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Phellinus	Hymenochaetaceae
denovo92570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo316390	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo192488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Tetrapyrgos	Tetrapyrgos subdendrophora
denovo112339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo432603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo10996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
denovo10995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Rhinocladiella
denovo477483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo92575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo10990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo201742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo201740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo179996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo266145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo206210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo206213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo273430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo253022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo256055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo154942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo296473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo44089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo154949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae
denovo206788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo191791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo251640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo213510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo487417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo268860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo268867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo388886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo273380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo431822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo153445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo25956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo25955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo146147	Fungi
denovo481818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo443688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo146142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria caricicola
denovo269190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo241724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo269197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo243376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo2812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo26608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo93915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo243379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo26601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325523	Fungi
denovo6125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo430817	Fungi
denovo317046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo325525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo344077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo6128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo248493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo167434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo371903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo331614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo127016	Fungi
denovo412262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo327962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo252371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo127019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo475707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo475704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo187519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo197963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo427807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo311249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo444488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena ochrogaleata
denovo219615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo167387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo167384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo167385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo110208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo110204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo373225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo373220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo261501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo114967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum virgineum
denovo48995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo48993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo90334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo316804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae	Usnea	Usnea intermedia
denovo316802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo126762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo328500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo308758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo463193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo248726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo308753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo346707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo473227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo404394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo473223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo312539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo249451	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo175506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo480271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo368895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo370757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo232182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo370759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta exitialis
denovo370758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo186396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo203337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo182870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo182873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo182872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo203339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo204304	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo492478	Fungi
denovo204302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo251053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo374991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo365714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo365716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo78825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo78824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo86702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Acremonium
denovo433533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo256887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo433534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo205659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Piloderma
denovo276266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo281953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo31347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo31349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo241267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo82196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo276269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo76465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo270145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo231520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo382300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo76468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo402491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo402492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo479341	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo402495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo33279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo302014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo201886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo302016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo333268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo31695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo371481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo31696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo259686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo30566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo494228	Fungi
denovo402728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Ilyonectria	Ilyonectria macrodidyma
denovo476348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo452675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo476345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo402722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo257593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo37695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo19470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo432668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena amicta
denovo40537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo40538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo276846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo432661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo334121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Hypocreomycetidae	Microascales	Microascaceae
denovo334124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo155261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo164141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo164145	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo381320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo221132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo221133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo221130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo221136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo221134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo221135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo333846	Fungi
denovo333847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo333844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo333845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo32584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo32585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo32583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo369713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo369715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo490360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera	Drechslera poae
denovo490362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces puniceus
denovo64843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo486409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo255208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo486400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo83669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo89247	Fungi
denovo287443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo83666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo37034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Phyllactinia
denovo466584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo346134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo32639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo408403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo383957	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo383955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo228719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo233912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo300568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo300562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo491475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo300564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo304419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Cladoniaceae	Cladonia	Cladoniaceae
denovo256318	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
denovo429914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo256313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales
denovo87948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo494100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo165657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo111923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo185313	Fungi
denovo479302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo484617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo394679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo431588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo145141	Fungi
denovo366536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo431584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo380216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo281137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo281138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo486129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo79706	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo437409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo144815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo229044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo368797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo479300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo39570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo21532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo420883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo74751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo1673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo21538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo145493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo460607	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo307030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo460608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo88670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo270993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo36639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo480838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo411820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo306921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo430182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo430180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo475063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo430188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo466605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo470257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo86433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Fenestellaceae	Fenestella	Fenestella ostryae
denovo466609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo445287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo415797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Echria
denovo415794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo415792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo208098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo335236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo29721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Vibrissea	Vibrissea truncorum
denovo478494	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo166170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo224358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo208329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo59099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Chrysozymaceae	Yurkovia	Yurkovia_mendeliana
denovo224356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo207511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo97350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo356363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo271486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo356365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber	Tuber pseudoexcavatum
denovo164993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo144365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo453888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo69335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo29097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo332890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo408188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo40654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo148465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo148467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo195913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo337336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo337339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo97680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo247603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo276100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo493951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo278853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo80223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo321576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo414446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo306079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo413798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo51646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo413796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo346722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo50115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo424749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo165485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo272828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo357096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo67212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo135556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Marasmiaceae
denovo96089	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo163676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo166283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo166285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo153608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo253592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo253594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo278278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo165731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo162106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo11845	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo153604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo117161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo285228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo492609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo394750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo424431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo424436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo23827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo394756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo479399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo385637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo385638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo264376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo264375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo349762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo491551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo491553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo491552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo467159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo390271	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo146434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo390278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo407720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Parastagonospora	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo146433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo139322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo142327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo299718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo392692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo26373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo45116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo495078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo166822	Fungi
denovo307805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo463722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo84692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo56872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo307803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo463724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo13996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo13994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo307808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo468118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo464711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo340390	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo487610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo415898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo272767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo464719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo10719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo264599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo178100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo100893	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo264593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo178106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo91028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo226464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo18527	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo226462	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Archaeosporales	Archaeospora trappei
denovo170373	Fungi
denovo398067	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo262435	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo349117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo262430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo229883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo60298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo150226	Fungi
denovo362026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo81014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo266998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo26952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo288410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo491591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo193407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Phacidium	Phacidium grevilleae
denovo197185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo169736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo56250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo457992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo63582	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo494383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo140879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo494387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales
denovo393566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo494385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo464675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo42468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo390182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo390184	Fungi
denovo27028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo348147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo315367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo481694	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo327411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo465444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo132316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo351651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo195551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo391634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo132311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo300046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo255337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo255334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo494030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo389986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo171423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo53755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo186159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo172995	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo296253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo296256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo97963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo414855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo414853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo183671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo292943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo114417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo356975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo198402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo28395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo212840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo55754	Fungi
denovo190179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo317990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Tephrocybe anthracophila
denovo317991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo317997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo55758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo134729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo399008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo241962	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Alphamycetaceae	Betamyces
denovo394034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo225476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo361119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo72566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo112813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Retiarius
denovo72564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo365088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo65203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo450775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo462949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo223145	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo223141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo482345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma subbrunnea
denovo49553	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo445442	Fungi
denovo130220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo483697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo101712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo101715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo101717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo101716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo312018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo315296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo312010	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo312011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago
denovo294041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo477234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo294047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturiaceae
denovo357930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora galii
denovo156170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo156173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo156176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo85461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Luellia	Hydnodontaceae
denovo282013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo326458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo395630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo186841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo199756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo406808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo199750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo406803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo186849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo195277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma multiseptatum
denovo315747	Fungi
denovo51425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo379168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo185639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo185635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo189391	Fungi
denovo185630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo189392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo89144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo292055	Fungi
denovo51320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo188440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo51324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo124266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea
denovo325226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo445525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo445524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo47231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo47236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo445523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo457200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo28080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo4994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo53555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo210146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo82738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo380589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo51010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo82737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo107018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo82731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo82732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo361709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo274759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo487598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo487599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo487593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo487591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo487596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo360079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_luteo-olivacea
denovo487595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo105703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo105704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo190586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo403293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo449187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo283762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo312900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo268129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo214711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo192727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo385861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo141911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo288883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo193897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo288887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo325488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo328224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma victoriae
denovo406111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo471325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo406113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo103663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo314509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo103665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo320052	Fungi
denovo25568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo324578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo324579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo296538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo25563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo5647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo319700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo443270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo5649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo244102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo309363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo309360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo187495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo244104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo160753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo116485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo116480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo180829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo324680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo70077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo56221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Beverwykella	Beverwykella pulmonaria
denovo241888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo180719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo241886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo241880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo446389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo117573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo117577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo93891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo331755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo74517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo85039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Darksidea epsilon
denovo343448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo363039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo366040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo85033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo114888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo74519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo366046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo212450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae
denovo226095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo33848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo443499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo33842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo33841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo443491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo327885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo327884	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
denovo447385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo447383	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo26033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo447380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo287846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo99805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo470495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces caricis
denovo445895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo203783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo41829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo308096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo445893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo371734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo4205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo4204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo373381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma victoriae
denovo402913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo426741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo373384	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo202786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo63370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo208520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo308543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo308542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo186452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo333609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo167193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo483116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo309189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo72916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena ochrogaleata
denovo119352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo233421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo119357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo466449	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo105080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo277471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Dictyosporium toruloides
denovo466446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo105088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo466443	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Cunninghamellaceae	Absidia	Absidia pseudocylindrospora
denovo115869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo77279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo378715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo38936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo383775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo383772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo383778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo367832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo387462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo422747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo367839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo121762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo322368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo326869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo329592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo242673	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo240307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo99052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo92857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo286078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo401336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium
denovo490351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Boletales	Suillaceae
denovo209691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo209690	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo286074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo374819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo205759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo165139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo165132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo372414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo351733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Arthoniomycetes
denovo165134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo270260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo72005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220148	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo161836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo15122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo420742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha albohyalina var. spiralis
denovo426842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo433702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo337648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo428535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo479822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo104028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo201925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo104024	Fungi
denovo154306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo154307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo154300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo154301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo422670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo82078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo361068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo89216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo422678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo82077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo426848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo424159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Ciboria	Ciboria americana
denovo299554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
denovo99059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo299551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo156232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo85861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo366873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo85864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Phyllostictaceae	Phyllosticta	Phyllosticta citricarpa
denovo335649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo230245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo230242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo230240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo346252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo346251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo382562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo120144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo340157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo310674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo431286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo431285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo193786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma flava
denovo286921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo491016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo301553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo452006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo417969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo305641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo164269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo93433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena oregonensis
denovo40703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo52352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo355433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Hydnodontaceae
denovo401780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo496047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo494152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Cordycipitaceae	Beauveria
denovo27750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo496045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo181351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo488476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo346879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo488473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo280182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo346876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo381044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo381041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo22254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo464159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo464158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo429376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo422581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo464157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo464156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo22259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo174462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo399235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo465288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo75365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo75367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo465285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo391036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma
denovo84020	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo311100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo459803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo459807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo399230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
denovo133426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo133423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo408233	Fungi
denovo304594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo408234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo284561	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo149810	Fungi
denovo143273	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo284567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo431130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo449694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo431135	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo236419	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo20093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo430660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo4619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo430664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo24966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo24968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo155431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo296370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo408443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo308935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo308936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo308937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo211430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Boletaceae
denovo68721	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo65537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius plicatulus
denovo44925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo441096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo450570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo303909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo62544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo387053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo155438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo90171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo454403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo454404	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Endogonomycetes	Endogonales	Densospora
denovo434945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo145759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo145758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo434941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo211385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo118564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo118566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo211381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo388877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo108077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo223438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo385578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo62135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo142906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo142900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Polyscytalum	Polyscytalum pustulans
denovo436545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo246057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo436542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo390847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo272328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae
denovo1004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo476965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo411595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo38219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Cystodermella	Tricholomataceae
denovo62132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo38212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo472422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo415610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo478409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo411597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo185439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo319075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo36840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris maydis
denovo36843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo185436	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo342147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo135960	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo130305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo317505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo140221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo413618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo63633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo140228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo50839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo266718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo8406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo266711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo456934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo55671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo67396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo55673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo67399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Petrakia
denovo378133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo59684	Fungi
denovo271679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo152058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo260718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo393301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo449342	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo356536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo11147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo386083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo11144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo97529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo159759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo220802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo225874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo452943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo452942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo452947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo279316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo279315	Fungi	Kickxellomycota	Kickxellomycetes	Kickxellales	Kickxellaceae	Ramicandelaber	Kickxellaceae
denovo279310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo338317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo338316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo110650	Fungi
denovo247011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo214266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo214267	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo58488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo25764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo58484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum
denovo25761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo143759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo214269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo462394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo380236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo54068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo349131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo377679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo3578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo468130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo346114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo200292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo346116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo199953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo50302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo54682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Pertusariales	Megasporaceae
denovo54681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo50301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo174711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo253411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo165674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo165671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo456061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena speirea
denovo456068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo394652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo462643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo72266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo95551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo255812	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo56687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo255811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo116975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo116974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo411508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Geomyces	Geomyces auratus
denovo80246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo56688	Fungi
denovo46402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Chlamydopus	Chlamydopus meyenianus
denovo153010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo153012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo180266	Fungi
denovo136094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo57082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo180268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo142482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo325979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo325974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo197884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo265674	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Archaeosporales	Archaeosporaceae
denovo232714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo265676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo363582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo265670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae
denovo232710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo348264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo88288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo265678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo50126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo390027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo202887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo192968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo196427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo192964	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo340454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo136323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo53274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo407551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo219105	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo95313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo95315	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo419753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo43559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo436193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Galerina lubrica
denovo400682	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo463117	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Tremellodendropsidales
denovo400686	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo186299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo93296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo389860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo297003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
denovo297002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo47411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis eranthidis
denovo297005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Zygosaccharomyces	Saccharomycetaceae
denovo28989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo232780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena polygramma
denovo362183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo28984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo28983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo28982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo180844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo293934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo249646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo261970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo261975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo77948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo80507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo202810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora pseudovitensis
denovo457813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo482997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo458579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo1942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo410361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo410365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo298589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo85229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo259017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo443825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo268706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Fontanospora fusiramosa
denovo268704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis candidolanata
denovo268705	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo446087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo489525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo87368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo483735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo169948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo251229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo316471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo400023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo485411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo485413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo295694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo295695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo133744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo352404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo353754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo103008	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrella calcarea
denovo353751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo432013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo353758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo356984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo191615	Fungi
denovo296355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo222427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo327602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo90857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo255108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria
denovo194068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo175972	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo255106	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo55652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo418158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo94194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo179042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo378154	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomeraceae
denovo295521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo3899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo3898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo76015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo321604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo158168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo321609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo379282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo312206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo484015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales
denovo72246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo453283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo275307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo251489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo473367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo96065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo43410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo194396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo43419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Calycina ellisii
denovo51824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo16289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo285891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo51823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo378742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Trichocomaceae
denovo16283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo477791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo200504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo200503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo200500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo156035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo275367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena capillaripes
denovo223715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo275369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo156038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo156039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo322835	Fungi
denovo250689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo376888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo85515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo448136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo157921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo16755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo157922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo36158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo157928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo16759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylella
denovo101525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo210331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo330365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo334869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo107208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo435092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo83268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo420871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo447614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo447616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo447611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo447610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo282601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo243074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo291518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo37240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo37241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo297580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo37243	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo445280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo442069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo463080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo445286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo403641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo409923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo94634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo192578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo422963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo390468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo149343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo212527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo205953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo2309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo71264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo71265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo71266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo460637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo471798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo120984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo445755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo471791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo471793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo268087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo449669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo69102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo70793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo75562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo252868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo434872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo252860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo252867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo331090	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella zychae
denovo136846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo380510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo274547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo328389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo88480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo363918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo284763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo80900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo320152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo25243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo320158	Fungi
denovo25246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo285491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo117720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo387939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo286614	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo286617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo146060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo99101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo490058	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo358113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo70133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo241642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo442933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo324724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo446226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo65735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo324728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo65730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo438364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo420965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo309531	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo381470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo444572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo478217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo478216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo32362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo77480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo474547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo470047	Fungi
denovo470044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza	Hyalopeziza nectrioidea
denovo461322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo470043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo470040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo273013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo65080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena alba
denovo118761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo95677	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo49094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo269026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo110511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo110510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo459355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo267022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo459352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo119498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo78087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo202592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo291531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo49916	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo112106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo219234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo243052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo372991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo188543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo285149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo229949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo402899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo302612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo285141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo229947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo204805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo37267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo111399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo272654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo150312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo343180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo308669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo471809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo413459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo343188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo471808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo281642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo34208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo380709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo473534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo473533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo157955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo333163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo408805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo408806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo121137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo173021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo302525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo207948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo120842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo37269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo260559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo445045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo421705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo31182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo234993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo19778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Hypoxylon	Hypoxylon perforatum
denovo369307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo369304	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo200997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo200996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo209241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo459684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo23422	Fungi
denovo166659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo205541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo491696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo375777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo362648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo488927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo432354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo151045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo410234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo278426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo234662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo334410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo334412	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo303433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo236297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo4879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo231014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo76335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo274934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales
denovo184963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo428707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo384711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo341122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo120261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo34974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo174552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo34971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo128457	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo134176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo123405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo128450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo345809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo437804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo236745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo345806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo476858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo43357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo381329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo476852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo67620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo174087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo60391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo165300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo306528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo453568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo339685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo306521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo125720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo441962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo424868	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo441964	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo83844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo475460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo14020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo13039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo227900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo265079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo456300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo456303	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo58011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo422429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo166844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo340297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo299326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo132631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo231907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo484129	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo311807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo21937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Drechslera poae
denovo331936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo331938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Cercospora	Cercospora delaireae
denovo287171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo235216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo469578	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo190725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Tulostoma	Tulostoma xerophilum
denovo431078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri
denovo190723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo190720	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo469574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo431072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo205279	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo345112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo225228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo477085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo224365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo465670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo158917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo59945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo300272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo309981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo309987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo248860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Trichomonascaceae	Blastobotrys	Trichomonascaceae
denovo434597	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo307720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo248864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo460113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_malorum
denovo440640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo434598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo434599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudogymnoascus	Pseudogymnoascus roseus
denovo171079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo493751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo61116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo294632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo451544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo61119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo433065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo429157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo482601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo482602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo482605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo485650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo216750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo216753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo216756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo483550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales
denovo248048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo266039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo483558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo263043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo451894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Tranzscheliella	Tranzscheliella williamsii
denovo12070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo305796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo222624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo191452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo465098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo222629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis eranthidis
denovo143978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo311371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo311374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo311375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo311377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo416861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo392951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo355342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo39044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo304387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo304386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo304382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo304381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo123183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo38397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo222999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo158364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria halima
denovo23421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo23420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo222993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo109518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo189050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo213848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo134917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo306890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo437023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo20687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo226281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo110328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo341910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo341914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces caricis
denovo272202	Fungi
denovo113447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo182756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo318518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo251971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo251970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo5305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo5303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo448730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo21481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo21480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo21482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo458946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo224664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo458949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo458948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo321443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo425720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo185197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo27772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo142736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo142735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo142732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo272513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo69579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo69578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo262831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo279438	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo227157	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo215474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo82730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo105534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo148156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo224593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo34561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo38024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo38027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica bayliasiana
denovo38026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo96249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo192371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo57981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo192379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo397206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo198922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo198924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo305819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo305814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo313429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo188015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia mediterranea
denovo103561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Cuphophyllus	Cuphophyllus colemannianus
denovo6651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo199034	Fungi
denovo199033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo130118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo449060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo449061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo5697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo54184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella longicolla
denovo54186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo398217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo412155	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo443605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo2898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo2894	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo417387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo443609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo26684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo93992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo240504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo169325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo26689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo464446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo247194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo356700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo247192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo247193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo391985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo383143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo25486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo360951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo264062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo6635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo83925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo91738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo183831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo152573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo183839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza	Hyalopeziza nectrioidea
denovo406523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo212641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo54721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo295306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo295307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo54727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo296964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo238020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo414416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo143128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo310813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo296969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo95297	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo261584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo217165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo397979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo100706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo465792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo261589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo468303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo468304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo46245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo56765	Fungi
denovo240647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo253604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo389126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo168059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo389123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo153194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo324252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo324251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo153197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo253609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo437778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo184649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo4498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo419122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo475967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo316881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo45570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo244883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo419129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo244887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo219036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo262582	Fungi
denovo288479	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo395190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo411176	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo153222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo186648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo198662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo79844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo393589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo484241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo111155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo111152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo433245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo433246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo126649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo300398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo262052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo190447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo390615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo353139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo245685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo390610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo190442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo324871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo390613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo399532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo28824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo388296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo388290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo147752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
denovo354133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo28828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo354137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo138263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo329162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo129427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo129120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo355663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo129125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo53848	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo445136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo445137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo445134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo298261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo440320	Fungi
denovo66799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo117875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo117871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo117870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo70115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo178529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo470655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo388749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo178521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo178527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo178525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo302091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo7860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo246902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo55445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo246909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo163824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo371408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo70113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales
denovo151686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo151684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo362443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo218077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo362447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Cephalosporium
denovo351943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo68541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo379674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo365797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo332826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo250722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo250721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo242865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo251841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo104475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycotina	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo68544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo104472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo99723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo358736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo283449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo283446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo369020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo369027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo92550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo335261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo82209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo82205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo30070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo49795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo49794	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
denovo314901	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo314902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo230615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo230616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo369794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo379099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo401852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo72452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Leucosporidiales	Leucosporidiaceae
denovo72450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo486483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo204925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo486481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo198025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo373935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo43621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo205038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo188979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo205035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum virgineum
denovo198029	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo448072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo471611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo408487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo408488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo442215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo432778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo102144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo102143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo98899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
denovo435358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo287374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo335210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pezizaceae	Oedocephalum	Oedocephalum adhaerens
denovo360548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo256395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo256397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo377947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo256393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo209835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo31858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo68952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo426894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo426893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo426890	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo426891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo472823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo377166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Gs33
denovo426898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo75159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo487752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo487754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo487757	Fungi
denovo282478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo222382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo239033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium lycopodinum
denovo460356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo41089	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo116640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo464872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo434753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo434750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo460350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo41081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo438623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo427465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo33755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo129919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo161536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo129911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo115913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales incertae sedis
denovo375893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo88413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo375891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo337265	Fungi
denovo64653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo261886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo110494	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus	Clitopilus cystidiatus
denovo331661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo331662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo344089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo335969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo228975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Anguillospora	Anguillospora longissima
denovo451155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo149441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo266932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo65291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo266584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo117118	Fungi
denovo110729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora dichanthii
denovo209457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo81841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo362854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo362853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
denovo285261	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo437225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Mollisia
denovo461084	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo451158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo119840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo236124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo233331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo225106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo230974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo230970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo30811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo30813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo160667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo277364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo478391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo328642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo433901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium
denovo324115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales
denovo460687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo343685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo183692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo461558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo461556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo461557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraboeremia selaginellae
denovo172236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo332988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo89545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo414737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo125104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo89541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo309700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo267186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo360437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo35363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo35365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo280727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo367423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron cereale
denovo63864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo63866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae
denovo63869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo308253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo119266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Xylodon	Xylodon detriticus
denovo354421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo374302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium
denovo459526	Fungi
denovo84438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo111457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo111456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Malasseziomycetes	Malasseziales	Malasseziaceae	Malassezia
denovo111455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo129282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo279634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo207590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales
denovo73268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo38628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo38627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo287943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo38625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae
denovo203678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo204024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena ochrogaleata
denovo270756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo204020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotula
denovo424123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo357013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo275983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo275987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo394865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo490676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo466024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo138704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum asiaticum
denovo279185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo422980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo279183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo63246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo63241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo422989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo279188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta exitialis
denovo276187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo276186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo276181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo298481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo294811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo73491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo382627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo231206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo21019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo488885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo333186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo333184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo488883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo120651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo165402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo393887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo165406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo10243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo10241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora foliicola
denovo452537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo161985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo350544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo425299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo237511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Crepidotus	Crepidotus cesatii
denovo386157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo439339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo439335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo439330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo162184	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo20947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo423632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo339276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo162188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo193339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo15542	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Kochiomyces	Kochiomyces dichotomus
denovo10793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium lycopodinum
denovo213866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo261749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo495949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Echria	Echria macrotheca
denovo221473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo468541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo425747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo14492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo230154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo174324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo123232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales
denovo79502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo49611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo299799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo196673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo125683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo196671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo299795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo362300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo465421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo299790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo405902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo468899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo400272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo141161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo255445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo411154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo411157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo468896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo255442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo133956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo494309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo133955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo22099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo392646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo22091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo386620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo145888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo306755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo339493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo282543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo61836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo400845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo484083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo187861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo480207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo216093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo13266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo422218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo422219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo329816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo422216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo227732	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo227730	Fungi
denovo225389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo58226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia rhabdospora
denovo88438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo456534	Fungi
denovo310742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo456538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo88436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo58229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo391502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo135074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo135070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo355064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo464986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella phragmitis
denovo485026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo485028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo22631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo176233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo289721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo216544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo22634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo298463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo434254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo109237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo399085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo493650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo493651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Parastagonospora	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo301938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo77445	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
denovo132392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo162059	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
denovo229728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo441836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo133040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo93374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo93371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo95052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo39239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo182096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo101797	Fungi
denovo12133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo182098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo307579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo319549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo62878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo62875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo450265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo357298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo378874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo182540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo115720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo109490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo211016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo455379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo52461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo222813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo222817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo222818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Unguiculariopsis
denovo222819	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo455372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo18867	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo24678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo108541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo356170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo341896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo342574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Sordariales
denovo18869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo326722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo457286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo353039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo224419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo353035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo483070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea
denovo224412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo483074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo224410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo312634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo97015	Fungi
denovo92023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo312633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo441304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo441307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo441306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo249967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo486647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo316743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella urticicola
denovo198225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo405355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo476104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo55133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo51537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo148345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo247528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo147133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo314677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo195411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo295800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo471458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo471459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo148349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo295806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo189579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo396367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo185018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo396365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo396362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo396363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo456883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo456881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo396368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo141997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo316291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo316295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo484866	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo411901	Fungi
denovo63182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo250259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo63183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo454021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo454027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo206557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo256154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo442760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo70345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium conicum
denovo70342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo361962	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo361963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Cystodermella	Cystodermella granulosa
denovo361960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo357358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo446070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo196993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo207964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo188190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo213415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo13434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo239238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo239230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo130093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo152292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo421583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo239236	Fungi
denovo238189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo104878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo25692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo396941	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo396944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo396945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae
denovo315984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo26522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Exidiaceae	Exidia
denovo140288	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces acuminatus
denovo26526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo93815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo449223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo193815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo193814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo193816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo250871	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo416782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo239584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo140646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo47819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo47816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo140649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo349409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo3265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae
denovo47812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo362077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo239588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo146778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo196338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo412343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo376569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales
denovo243527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo243526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo243520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo430935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo152438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo152434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo152436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Ascomycota_incertae_sedis	Ascomycota_incertae_sedis	Ascomycota_incertae_sedis	Ascomycota_incertae_sedis	Ascomycota_incertae_sedis
denovo187414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo490535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo206089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo46332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo263935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo110122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo259396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo259392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo155804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo373306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo261263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo419596	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo78236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo81068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo219483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo219484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo27695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo219489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo320633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo348753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo98287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo98285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo98284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo98283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo430920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo430922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo288115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo105009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo288112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo141205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo105006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo141203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo400732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo105003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo377216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo322671	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
denovo46039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales
denovo389375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza
denovo190896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo190897	Fungi
denovo470415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo190892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo389372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo248601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo470418	Fungi
denovo445816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo190899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo245275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo404291	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
denovo249558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo404294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo242721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora	Hydnodontaceae
denovo249552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo291915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo249557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo374542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo175269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo258448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo175262	Fungi
denovo258444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo258445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo126155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo80629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo427031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo427037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo240383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo363617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo80627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo166463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo182931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo182933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
denovo182934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo428499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo73064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo53499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora galii
denovo189902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo476284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo251393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo204220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo78902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo78903	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo78901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo365616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium delicatulum
denovo474323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo322092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo282211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo282212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo282218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo31261	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo158983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo151271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo151276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo158984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo438804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo156727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo156720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo347831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo105914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo105911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo283914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara	Chalara_holubovae
denovo433787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo433781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo302112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo93035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo93034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo93037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo93036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo474861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo93033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo474863	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo496160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo297427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo154387	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Endogonomycetes	Endogonales
denovo297421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo409525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo73423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo120417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo128645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo241030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo231771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Fontanospora	Fontanospora fusiramosa
denovo231770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo43780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo122926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo122929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo402603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo194404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo321067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo402607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo369934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo235061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo235060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo235063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo235065	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo257498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo239914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo239916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo42831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo192136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo146211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo371212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo432783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo40478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo151490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo162342	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo162347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo162349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis corniculata
denovo162348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Ceraceomyces
denovo52656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo376975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo257729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo201345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo201343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo493010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo19228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Syzygosporaceae	Syzygospora
denovo71577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo157890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo76976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo328061	Fungi	Zoopagomycota	Zoopagomycetes	Zoopagales	Piptocephalidaceae	Piptocephalis
denovo369610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo432433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo432432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo103429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo429665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo155035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo107514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo107511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo437319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo364057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Cystodermella granulosa
denovo107512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo30602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo107518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo30607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo360731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo367501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo84534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo360736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo367508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo280566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo83105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo230423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo280100	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo280104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo240814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo431209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo476120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo234335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo230843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo431206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo431205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo408387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo339047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena stipata
denovo300606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo381924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo464998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo62799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Myxotrichum	Myxotrichum chartarum
denovo304516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo70629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo429088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo466803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae
denovo429086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo439788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo256450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo32172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo334953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo41439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo41436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo496377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo209979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo75052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo496379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo75059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo309001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo309007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo309009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo113331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena polygramma
denovo330702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo154813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo438788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo380318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo430556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo480622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo430550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo236861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo331253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo129890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo329817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo129892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo74016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo74010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo284307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo85377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo336705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo415344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo473589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo307372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo415342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo415348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo437827	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo307379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo247508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo23692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo23693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo36778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Melanosporales	Ceratostomataceae	Harzia	Harzia acremonioides
denovo385846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo318961	Fungi
denovo1084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo171951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo308356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo308357	Fungi
denovo470357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo235889	Fungi
denovo143864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo34737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula
denovo65316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo65313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo303989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo303984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo423018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo24473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo71597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo208201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo208200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo441517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo244759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo260829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo109962	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo109961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo97252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo119659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo465973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo311922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo119656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo332281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriales_incertae_sedis
denovo332287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo280680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo478589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo478587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo39746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo32293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo62969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo277136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo432844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo393382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes
denovo34197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo43330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales
denovo393386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo383030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo250235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo386004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo303326	Fungi
denovo220882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo347319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo62327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo332135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo332136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo172385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo280975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo405528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo280979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo413696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo413557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo47835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo55762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo20577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo172794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo462318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo172799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo4363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo458248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo422828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo260795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo69927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo69924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria halima
denovo163132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo260791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula flavovirens
denovo50432	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo69921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo86571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo77108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo66953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo96612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo450814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo446058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo392260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo305444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo124042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo392268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo279396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo279395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo237909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo341417	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo131292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo131290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo153095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo153097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo440263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo98702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo146577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo57004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo342852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo132927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo173444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo166947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo346194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo343613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo449929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo174794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo449923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo412638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo72553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo139598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo139599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum
denovo252723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo261467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo455550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo164549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo455554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo350356	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo59436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo170231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo424804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo91341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo170239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo14515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Resinicium	Resinicium	Resinicium furfuraceum
denovo265544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Anthracoideaceae	Anthracoidea	Anthracoidea aspera
denovo265541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Lasiosphaeris	Lasiosphaeris hispida
denovo348594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo484467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo362109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo81446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo53862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo374458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo489035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo169675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo169676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo457898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo27107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo469269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo140933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Candida	Candida_blattae
denovo228393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo134517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo240306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo469264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema
denovo134512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo134511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo464611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo327355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo354507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo327352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo191920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo484548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo132213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo366912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo311463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia minipascua
denovo300169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo170493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo175468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo170494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo56066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo224997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo224996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo355452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo290222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo42258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo418402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo454606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo418405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo386873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo58385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo186219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo386879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo52521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo172895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo414950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo414951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo414954	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo414955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
denovo365453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo183531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo114354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo114353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo216664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo86871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo216666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Dasyscyphella	Dasyscyphella longistipitata
denovo255188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo212961	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo212966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Flammulina	Marasmiaceae
denovo469484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo279806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo279802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo469483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo77893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo456761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo394379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo456769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo456768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
denovo451387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo224437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo269872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo114687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo114683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo267850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo397635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum anthrisci
denovo352222	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae
denovo289559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo27813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo27816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo352228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo248956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales
denovo140064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo140066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo315397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo483792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo248959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Melastiza	Melastiza chateri
denovo340275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo410091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo98272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo356901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo356907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo146895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo97938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
denovo225649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo38570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo310152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo29416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo364206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo292486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo108737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo345726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo29418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo490234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo405095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo49342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo326551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo447923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo6559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae
denovo215365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo200697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_melinii
denovo451928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo334485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo136821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Eurotiomycetidae	Onygenales	Arthrodermataceae
denovo299302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo54966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo451923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo96973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo379205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo319737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo251405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo319739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo251407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo294258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo455231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo251403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Umbilicariales	Umbilicariaceae	Umbilicaria
denovo76745	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo476730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hysteriales
denovo476731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo402377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo173856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo201182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo257124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo257126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo96976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo297506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo483138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo333583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Morchellaceae	Pezizales	Morchellaceae
denovo297501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo457562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo457563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo359904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria etheridgei
denovo457565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea zeta
denovo92180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo331919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo449558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Gorgomyces	Gorgomyces honrubiae
denovo486566	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo200585	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo495343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo106481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo215585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo215581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo55182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo218524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo321025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo158702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo78990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo312865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo11266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo107287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo11265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo107281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo107282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo159258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo100254	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo52831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo292154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo100258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo159255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo292150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo193990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo193991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo193992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo193993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo193994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo193998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo47996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo403020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo314420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo147305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo54030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo54031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo283154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo296674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo96871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo458594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo196817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo343763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo2384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Roseodiscus	Roseodiscus subcarneus
denovo5768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo443339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo471178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo63116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo444643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo181589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo239791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo444640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo181586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo160016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo242888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo242886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo68521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo68520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo399908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo399907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo217988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo83239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo106158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo106156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo213603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo69059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo83236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo106153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo213607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo331014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo199784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo366167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo431957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina
denovo431958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo102677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo180184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo493160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo323465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo323461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo293896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo6232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo6233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo309246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo61709	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo308199	Fungi
denovo336098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo238441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massariaceae	Massaria	Massaria gigantispora
denovo445996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo167543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo445998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo184955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella nigra
denovo156887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo41909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo156883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo360869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo45266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo419412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo419413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo244392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo187604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo45268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo53358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo470623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera	Drechslera poae
denovo470621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo470624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo73380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo186551	Fungi
denovo186555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo79978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema eburnoides
denovo218890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo218892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo79971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo477814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo79977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo426552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo233749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo426556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo119411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo376547	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo111646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo92099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo202514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo419361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo479516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo466761	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo421782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo59268	Fungi
denovo421785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo436889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo369380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo55791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo369386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo351257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo470518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo351254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo200910	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo121649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo55794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo60102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo244935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo326945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo129419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo129410	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo240226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo126699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo129413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo129415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo240221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo4969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo283974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo89191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo6876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo236210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo48578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo387256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo472668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo472663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
denovo472665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo403852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo163738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo378619	Fungi
denovo378617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo163731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo163730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleurophragmium
denovo47209	Fungi
denovo375266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo445837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo123483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo123482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo477101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo401564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo209423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo220062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo138350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo150934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo109893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo428473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales
denovo337769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo337763	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo104145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia mammiformis
denovo104140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo364156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo339602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo339603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo339600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo361383	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo364159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo275003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo231636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Cuphophyllus virgineus
denovo231631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo231633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo472087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo231638	Fungi
denovo231639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo49625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo362576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo85948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo335726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo428781	Fungi
denovo268424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo85942	Fungi
denovo85941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo31769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo401610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo496390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo373328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo346353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina rehmii
denovo371394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo409752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo268429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
denovo478905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo92092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales
denovo286807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo88285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo286800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo330005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo340218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo54106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo417840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo139758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo30417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo127901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo402039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo373880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo404194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo402037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo14757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo14756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo40620	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo60310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo110890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo371027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo371025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo164034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo460106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Naevala
denovo305076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo335187	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo335182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium incoloratum
denovo274351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo305078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo274353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo309906	Fungi
denovo19051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo19052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo369407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo375915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo75247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo331356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo166035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo236982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo236981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo367710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo311669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo478015	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo280311	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo201568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo408571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo32124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo280314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo393894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo237589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gautieriaceae	Gautieria	Gautieria monticola
denovo366894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo237581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo284408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo41576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo41575	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo20356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Dasyscyphus	Dasyscyphus aeruginellus
denovo465012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo465011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo20351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo344241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo64768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo300413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo170965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo64762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo304305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo60861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo460191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo123109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo460192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo12345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo303822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo303820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo371280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo62426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo450632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo450635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo35690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo366448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo366444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo366446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo454520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo366441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo168833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo464949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo165803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo165800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo281046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes
denovo364690	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo464944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo211261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo23716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo211266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo28129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo285755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo118409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo23718	Fungi
denovo285753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo223578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo459014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo95690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo29657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Crepidotus
denovo223571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo223574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo21407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo149029	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo21402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo227400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo343736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo343733	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo334733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo415557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo270868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo493137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo270865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo38311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo438242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo438243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotula
denovo89094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales
denovo461243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo288216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo188729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo347296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora panicorum
denovo347297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo51086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo188722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo246647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo466732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces luteus
denovo140301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo140303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo1292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo457360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales_incertae_sedis
denovo52580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo469812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo493194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo319244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo400430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo344223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo119751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo448954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo34315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo188096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo188099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo163076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo260613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo462580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo311896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo134338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo472224	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo11060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Trichaptum	Trichaptum_abietinum
denovo144211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo144210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo384291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo485805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo314832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo108240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo108241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo332072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo166591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo350839	Fungi
denovo195863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo147546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo271020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo356782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo471376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo319864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo319865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo319866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo46052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo319863	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo143650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo143651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo25406	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Endogonomycetes	Endogonales
denovo25409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora	Acarospora insolata
denovo470439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo57900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Russulaceae
denovo462293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo462297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo462298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Ilyonectria	Ilyonectria mors-panacis
denovo471370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinus silvaticus
denovo436890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria
denovo9091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo9090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo350782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo350783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo314158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo3639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo221946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo148849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo147890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo7529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
denovo253352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo171054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo7525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo348960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo433650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo310893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Sporormiaceae
denovo394999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo450999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo394997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo108865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo108866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo450993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo453634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo67105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo67103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo487943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo67101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo377086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo60459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo60458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo60455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo400474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo377088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiella	Mrakiella_aquatica
denovo116837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo11930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo339169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo153119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo98771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo223893	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo10084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo261053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo21386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo261054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo26176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo26177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo325832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo92358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo10088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo80471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo212023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo212024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo348388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo348384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo131463	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo407618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo82085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leohumicola
denovo192841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo136200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo407614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo139251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo57277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo95219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo57270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo455454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Selenophoma	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo455455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo294479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo455457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo142215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo413159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo141497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo45067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo400963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo419655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo411465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo468383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo411461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula rubi
denovo248234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomidium gallecicum
denovo245607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo145977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Naohideales	Naohideaceae	Naohidea	Naohidea sebacea
denovo245605	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo145970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo464007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo464006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo464001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo241510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo388216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo62443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo178612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo178613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo96002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo213958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiella	Mrakiella_aquatica
denovo175050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo175053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo96729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo187377	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo416163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo43710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Candida
denovo427054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo217708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo481450	Fungi
denovo443906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo443908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo217707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo137158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo468928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo169820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae
denovo137150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo17058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo193716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo193715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo216259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo398448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo22129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo22128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo22123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo393416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo22127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo22126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo224815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo151601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo399313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo263363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo211705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo155516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo327522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo327523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo327524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo222305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo191717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo187955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo187954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo187951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo187950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo187952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo255026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo5109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo3997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Atractiellomycetes	Atractiellales
denovo295405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo318381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo128211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo109651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo158001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo128217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo473840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Toninia	Toninia physaroides
denovo312129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo72368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo292836	Fungi
denovo450173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo46745	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo314986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo198532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo179251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo318653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo77623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo203954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo88271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo477694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo177361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo185700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo177362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo177364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo275243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo156377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo86168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo404103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo88275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo322971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo453306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo349816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo16011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo136785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo136786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo136787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo315580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo359868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo98818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo87412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo357849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Xylomyces
denovo87411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo82429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma borgenii
denovo359862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo359863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Splanchnonema	Splanchnonema_pupula
denovo72656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo159353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo402235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo194879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo243136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo194873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo219881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo106830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo106832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo487202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo37523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo45804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo37527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo215130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo245984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo403721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo403726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo192432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo127294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo313744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo256644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo218283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo330248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo181285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo256641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo218288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena oregonensis
denovo429232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo429237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo11544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo331198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Scutellinia
denovo252942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo232318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo201443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo129995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo201445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo201447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo129999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo152325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo375811	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo157133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo366017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo218758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo181135	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo206790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo116312	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo273977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo283694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo25360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo210563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo210566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo116801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo213032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo344001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo40978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo168620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo239618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo314219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo239612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo314210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo239617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo314213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo70278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo168623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo336977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo328535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo480260	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo480266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo41006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo41004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo68485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo286481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Thelebolaceae	Thelebolus	Thelebolus globosus
denovo286487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Encoelia	Encoelia pruinosa
denovo244217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo30890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo30892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo32000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo366286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo31284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo429901	Fungi
denovo154440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria
denovo65167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo167973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo65161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo407170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo285593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo267100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo309786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo267105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo62190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo267109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo357469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo309788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo187037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo258970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo49647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo219574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo336351	Fungi
denovo219570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo76567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo73770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo117195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo117196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo430234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephora	Thelephoraceae
denovo323614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo138834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo358907	Fungi
denovo138838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo277509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo150210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo322560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo308789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo282908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo63579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo276453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo380066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo167350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo98041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo371603	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Endogonomycetes	Endogonales
denovo98042	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo98044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo371604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo473473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo354465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo119599	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces
denovo257895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436319	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo472782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes
denovo329281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo129601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo124270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo355336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo124275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo329288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo19638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo281458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo208632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo260455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo281451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo281450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo120965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo436317	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo473780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo336169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo369268	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo374389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo373767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Incrucipulum	Incrucipulum radiatum
denovo421417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo209326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo374380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo200899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo204539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo374387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo163501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo337487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo163508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo336163	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo271225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo397738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillus flavidus
denovo449785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo208985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo271228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo162451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo162450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo69595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo248815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo236397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo236393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo6947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo332503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo347721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris spartii
denovo347723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Echria
denovo126060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo332509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo338766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo237148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo91534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo338765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo91532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo428625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Mariannaea	Mariannaea samuelsii
denovo120388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo304921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo134030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo128550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
denovo120472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo101111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo128554	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo209585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo380146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo209581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo286102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo374920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo30334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo121384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Neocordana	Neocordana musicola
denovo472435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo472434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo472437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo384581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo341376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo341378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo97833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo165226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo493727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo372561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo394182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo461342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo161902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo161903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo161900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo67472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo201859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Ceratocystidaceae	Ceratocystis
denovo425211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo67478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium inflatipes
denovo192897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo454873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo453577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria
denovo51227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo57249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo437111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes
denovo310077	Fungi
denovo393813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo139490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo139493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo28283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo139494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo339419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo122894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo231866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo122890	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulosporaceae
denovo438466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo438467	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo462855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo122899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Neopeckia	Neopeckia_coulteri
denovo122898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo135787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo52602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo235152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo390454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo422290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo422291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo190608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo490064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo422299	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo380800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo90593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo345016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo237424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo299171	Fungi
denovo225308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo299177	Fungi
denovo132060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo482473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo51222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo465398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo436943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo430526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Atheliaceae
denovo452317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo71303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo13778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo13779	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Steccherinum
denovo59867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo40013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo40016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo410204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo410203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo307641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo440121	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo452755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo431629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo385359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo385353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo385351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo385356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo385355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo385354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo317353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo89295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo317355	Fungi
denovo485752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo265249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Trichaptum	Trichaptum_abietinum
denovo64356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo415181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo263165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo6493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo222542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo391326	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo354954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo391323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entolomataceae
denovo191558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae
denovo226650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo121818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo226654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo208576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo315549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo133332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo133337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo133338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo385978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo134814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo134815	Fungi
denovo131865	Fungi
denovo385970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo306991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo59109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo96590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo52958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo66219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo384001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo384003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo265865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo341819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo168975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo182018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo304176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo304177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Stylonectria	Stylonectria norvegica
denovo182012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo182017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo168979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo189649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo7871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo185543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo251830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo251833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo251834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo177165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo450407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo414277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo414275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo137549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo454315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo371238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo35084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo158249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo483346	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Leucosporidiales	Leucosporidiaceae
denovo453831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Fusarium
denovo453832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo456801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo453835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo159198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo453839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo392146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo10612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo213905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo43814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo430465	Fungi
denovo1317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo227215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo215734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo393898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo88915	Fungi
denovo247832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo38104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo247837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo38103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo247834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo383403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo492037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo313504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo96325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo313500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo313503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo405930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella	Gyoerffyella entomobryoides
denovo132884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo132882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo405934	Fungi
denovo475333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo349950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo349953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo349952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo140532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo59049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo340852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo425524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo340856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo51547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo458717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo178384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo349483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo178389	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo166252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo51548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo50492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo181732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo181731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo97635	Fungi
denovo153838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo214061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo214063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo153832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo213237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Calophoma aquilegiicola
denovo264382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo264383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo264381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo264387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae
denovo350667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo91679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo350663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo91675	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo19204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Gyrothrix	Gyrothrix circinata
denovo295264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo480065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo101881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo101883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo101882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo101885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo101884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo238107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo25617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo101888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo412890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo146267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo264651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo349228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo349224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo130903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascobolaceae
denovo27619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo468224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo199822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo406773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo468228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo406775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo27617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo406777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo27615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo179472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo68134	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo168153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo168150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo143376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo180067	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo180062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo4750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo269383	Fungi
denovo141287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo187235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo175156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo244762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo244763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo191171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo411617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo416647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo5808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo141288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo240077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo363340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo212180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo363348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo101265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo101264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo248684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo101263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo334357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo153309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo153308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo117356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo117355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo117350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo489490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo142392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo202962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo202960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo111212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo202964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo183009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo232662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo17062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo232664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo390157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo349098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo469176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo262718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo335002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo136433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo136431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo460473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo136434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo323365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo323362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo489237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo481084	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo313888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo341968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo475846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo288191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo142027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo132504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Phacidiales	Phacidiaceae	Phacidium	Phacidium lacerum
denovo292562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo150766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo412749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo355747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo329049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo418396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo150769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo186180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo297131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo47709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo440240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo158904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo24401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo388023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo327192	Fungi
denovo178405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo160794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo291994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo169788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo178400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo178402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo419370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo129371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo55896	Fungi
denovo129374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo290646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo246824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo375633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia juniperi
denovo129378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo246828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo418027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo371529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo263446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo371520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo263440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo76858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo189980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo403570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo251316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo76857	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo251312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo17242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo365690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo224867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo17249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo48070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo418571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo115249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo393447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo115241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo48108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo92696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo151412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo99646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo343952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella ciliata
denovo283520	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo283523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo409593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo48105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo348064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo401480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo369581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo432260	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo486051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo155301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo76584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales_incertae_sedis
denovo30134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo30133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo76582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo155308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo105994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo145920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo296944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo284890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo314824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo432265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo351998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo353378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Phaeomoniella
denovo152824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo195282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo321731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo110990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo477557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helicodendron	Helicodendron luteoalbum
denovo110992	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo372360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycotina	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales	Meyerozyma guilliermondii
denovo110997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cystodendron
denovo312378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo189322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo284898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo11582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo205178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo323014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo402683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces wortmannii
denovo258694	Fungi
denovo205171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo205174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo51955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo5372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo240891	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo391173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo76328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo303543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo65292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo200613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo200610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo72662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo286022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma subbrunnea
denovo359983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo359986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo49270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo49271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo49274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo486779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo157819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo37489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo157815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo157814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo215076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo448629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothioraceae	Dothiora	Dothiora cannabinae
denovo157810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo333923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo429005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo422055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo422050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo116297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo364637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo210240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo442488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo275786	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo275787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo87623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo87622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo435167	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo446948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo368123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo368122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo106646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo17390	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo88130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo106643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae
denovo84088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo325292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo325298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo445595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo47281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo46344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo154897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo460255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo460259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo380394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo380395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo237155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo409812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo438704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo35255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo285967	Fungi
denovo129814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo233897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo373101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo470125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo375996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo325124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo129818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo325120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo56707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe lanatodisca
denovo297968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo64116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo64112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo167836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo432431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo184248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria etheridgei
denovo61544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo4371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo167838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo33565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo382894	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo259906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo259909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo331781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo475309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo5608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo105202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber
denovo480549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo336833	Fungi
denovo85667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo228831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo240624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo283060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo336839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo283062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo65394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo266463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo266462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Trichocomaceae
denovo167786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo63957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo117659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo285387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae
denovo117656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo117655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo110604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo110606	Fungi
denovo425809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo286727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo437144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo387621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo119964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo53894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo372444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo370456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo433866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo160783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Microdochium colombiense
denovo433860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
denovo160780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium delicatulum
denovo336782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo343967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo320578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo103969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo324653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo324652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo324651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo285035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo144080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo144081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo125063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo121958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo309629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo280605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo244406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo309624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo359917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo121950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massariaceae	Massaria	Massaria macra
denovo296193	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo408027	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo408023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pyrenopeziza	Pyrenopeziza brassicae
denovo35243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo32216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo123884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo366093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo160438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo35248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo303350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo128858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo446492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo473624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo441442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo125395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo303354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo267732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo374222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo374227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo300907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo420547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo420545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo111556	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo111555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo440713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo163209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo163201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo163200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo343346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo69431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo69433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo432439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo208285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo208284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo77845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo359155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo359156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo424047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo204701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo204702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo204705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo204706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Ceriporia	Ceriporia aurantiocarnescens
denovo204708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo89888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo368944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo305990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo466347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo333555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo380632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo127505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo127506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo34118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo231124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo96697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo23984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo355450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo472574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo121224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena speirea
denovo382704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo382707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo302415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo302414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo129038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo458795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo129030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo129036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo346442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo346440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo496489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo208868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo162557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo42688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo479294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo9935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo67537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo67534	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo135712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo458429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo91477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo91476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo350461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo463441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo190233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo458426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo458427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo463448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo488631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo14845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo483804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo284818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo206201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris maydis
denovo284815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo387368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo236587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo236586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo278339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo236583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo339339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo15465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo264415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo221534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo335699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo274841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo221530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo274843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo230297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo34808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo230292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo34801	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo230298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo131219	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo304713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo348510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo131213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo462227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo345936	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo139044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo196132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo236630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo153249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo299691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo68743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo193567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo416089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo193569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo468752	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo468751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo454936	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo230746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo230744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo228316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo204994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo134597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo134596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo254677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo125839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo306412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo125830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo481268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo217248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo217245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo217244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo217241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Tulasnellaceae
denovo170412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo170413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo170417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo64253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo216197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo160840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo255278	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Rhizophlyctidaceae	Rhizophlyctis
denovo13106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo390799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo454687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo58302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo188068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo422551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo266810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo266813	Fungi
denovo21809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo484630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo132748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo132749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo329558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo289006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo190032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo168543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo469407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo397297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo469403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo434356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo237211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo225530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo225531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo310556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo211976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo326646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo388625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo232125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo132290	Fungi
denovo36181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo277808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo135248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo135249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo85837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo133160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo149738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo182196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo133169	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo130583	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo176151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo130586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo410017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Lentinellus	Auriscalpiaceae
denovo136538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo410012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo315310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo315311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Phellopilus	Phellopilus nigrolimitatus
denovo146813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo12271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo12272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo140440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo229194	Fungi
denovo229196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo93737	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo229191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo434928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo467437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo172816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Cyphobasidiales
denovo172817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo452253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Toninia	Toninia physaroides
denovo450305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo431817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo115005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo211357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo17738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales
denovo380621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo131988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo380622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo18900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo18909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo493306	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo393918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo92106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo92104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo143558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo359575	Fungi
denovo28543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo312572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo177288	Fungi
denovo143550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo143553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo143554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo143557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo489715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo489719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo405010	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo194643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo146133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo35767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo229237	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo412679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo224286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo224285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Itersonilia	Itersonilia pannonica
denovo290930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo38737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Diaporthales
denovo87543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo38732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo435385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo25135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo7683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo5272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo172105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo223484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo223480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo223483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo178880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Hyphodontiella	Hyphodontiella multiseptata
denovo454102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo201108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo56851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo69374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo256210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo66348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo256217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo305675	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo66343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo206458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo11194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo243365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo196894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hydnangiaceae	Laccaria
denovo196895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo196892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo82853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo446738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo225886	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo159781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo106408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo246777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo246776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo10829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales incertae sedis
denovo227028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo215502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo215508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo279505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo104935	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo25799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo452059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo25791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo241927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo447721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo146381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo146387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo146385	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo124696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo447723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo178264	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo413042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo188300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo178263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo188302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo71682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo317205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Coniophoraceae	Coniophora	Coniophora puteana
denovo178269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo193916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo193917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo147388	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo477230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo140761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo463221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo471240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo121134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo148571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo238732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo4656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo146032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo196274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo376448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo294941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo432059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo291325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo243206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo291327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo419943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo60001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo176909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Tremellodendropsidales
denovo181504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo116729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo410843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo181500	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs10
denovo181501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo480388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo116724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo245958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo426628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo259290	Fungi
denovo252245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo426620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pezizaceae
denovo252240	Fungi
denovo120724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Clematidis	Clematidis_italica
denovo261347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae
denovo261346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo155923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo83818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo83819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo83816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo83817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo419492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo63048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo419495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo155928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo187684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo147922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo440009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo268994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo27793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo13841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo320770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo348896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo348893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo268999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo77553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo457852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo110375	Fungi
denovo481748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo155692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo157208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo100947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo100949	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo468411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo157206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo322735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo398351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo27427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala atra
denovo389232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo308111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo426141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo249695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo249697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Xylodon	Xylodon erastii
denovo327014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo242642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo249693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo303121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo291812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo419230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo487192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo291815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo175346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo46667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo46663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo474369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo474365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo359399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo359396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo437768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo52007	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo249342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo374757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo277957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo111029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo232031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo423653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo151336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo399409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo98416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo105818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo204362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo332953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo95215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo105816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo105815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum hungaricum
denovo243990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo243991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Xerochrysium	Xerochrysium dermatitidis
denovo93770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Armillaria
denovo93777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo55420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo297301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo281820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo445006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo91483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo241170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Athelopsis	Athelopsis lembospora
denovo293413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo297746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo404001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo401077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo402525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo382273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo472001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo194362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo302387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo37850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo375406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo493592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena polygramma
denovo336422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo203865	Fungi
denovo73877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo371316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo371312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo268207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo151596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo151597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo259732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo372755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo259735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo259739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo251120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo425628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo425629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo373800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo250659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo425621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo221732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo425458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo440910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo421530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo421534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo128185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo432571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo103302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo328100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo103304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleurophragmium
denovo328109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo369158	Fungi
denovo159848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo486243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo87121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo159844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo361308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo275080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo275086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo87128	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo275084	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo221082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo287287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo287288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo165689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo421285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo90017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo32436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo369485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo408648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo489957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria fusiformis
denovo254959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo330087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo455724	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo254953	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo339305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo30496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo30497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo258066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo43937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo64099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo37144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo463937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo471721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo471722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo422398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo439666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo70740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo331163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo87787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo87788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo487497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo368685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo487496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo490565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo273667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo487491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo273663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo118956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo364842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo330622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo78169	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo491205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo127328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo236908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo111856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo111854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo236903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo83172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo236907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo124984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Fusarium mahasenii
denovo83177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo425016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo113569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo145659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo113560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Phanerochaetaceae
denovo84452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo339903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo434621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hymenogaster
denovo339905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo345771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo434628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Camarographium	Camarographium_carpini
denovo118480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo345774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo345776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo229356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo438130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo438137	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo161627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo27541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo364152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo7561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo307140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo337099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo216807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo460774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo428895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo387988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo335818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo335817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo387983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo487095	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo202384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo470540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo470544	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo109845	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo118225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo118224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo118222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo73466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma
denovo110032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo387804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo459092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo24221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo286578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo24225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo78323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo272045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo78324	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo78325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo318847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo78329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo32391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo39662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo224041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Didymella boeremae
denovo276747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo191340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo224047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo224049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo432966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Bullera	Bullera alba
denovo22970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo276748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo97443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo5471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo125216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo461424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo347211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo474648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo381755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo478777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo478778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo413957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo50757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo54232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo335351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo383661	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo267790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Beltraniaceae	Hemibeltrania
denovo95720	Fungi
denovo58565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo172690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo486139	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Claroideoglomus hanlinii
denovo374412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo137330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo9011	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella hyalina
denovo463297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo279747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo69607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo166040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo458321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo69609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo482661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris
denovo260696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo168321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo168324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo54674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo58695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo456181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo424230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo209747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo357702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo450910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Geopora
denovo342485	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo67186	Fungi
denovo135463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo451755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo67181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo124162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo384889	Fungi
denovo338296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo333741	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo120899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo148772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo91849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia geranii
denovo278160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo278164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo407121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo270372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo407126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo438950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo438952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo21309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo438954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo57760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo223812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo173560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo260038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo173569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo174698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo441987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo341686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo174697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo412779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo136284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo407696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense
denovo136289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo495141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo59771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo18322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo59779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo416474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo214925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo214924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella subpallida
denovo131395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo131392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo42395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo301486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo164377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo10663	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo164375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo193244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo400476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo401171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo141360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo467689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo467684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo169530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo467680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo467681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo169535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo485843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo155706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo398111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo174030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo27222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo228292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo228294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo52161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo134413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo40688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo306590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo52162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Hypomyces
denovo390349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo484463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo351413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo396422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo222076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo484466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo327254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo351416	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo489280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo351418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo465681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo489284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo217789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Byssonectria	Byssonectria fusispora
denovo489287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo193793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo197037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo197036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo197035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo193795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo101496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo197039	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo300281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo416293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo446139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo458411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo133823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo290305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo454760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo295151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo386931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo53515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo306623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo415929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo465351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo52647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo44820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo175634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo52649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo175630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo44828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Deniquelata	Deniquelata barringtoniae
denovo216788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo3918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo295481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo418291	Fungi
denovo318308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo263678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo175535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo399648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo183786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo269930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo183783	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs05
denovo482105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo267956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo482101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo6989	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo93173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo223387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo397777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo397774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma caccabus
denovo16362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo16363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo16361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Laetisaria	Laetisaria arvalis
denovo216439	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Rhizophlyctidaceae	Rhizophlyctis
denovo16364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo101155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium brocae
denovo101154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo190266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
denovo104307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo356865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo146997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo97875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo97876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo109304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudogymnoascus	Pseudogymnoascus appendiculatus
denovo262146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo211788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo229654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo191796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo191797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo49425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo223036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo7653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo16094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo1406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo395435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo395434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo440545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo136702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo136703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo294356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo158081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo468165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo263091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo404570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo404573	Fungi
denovo177673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo177670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo455173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo483423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo250098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Tulostoma
denovo278397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo45888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo447790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Phacidiella	Phacidiella_eucalypti
denovo118538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo173954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo457440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo245909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo115610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo483275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo483273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo445325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo143459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo222925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo456080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo222922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo222923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo76170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Kondoa malvinella
denovo112963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo76177	Fungi
denovo76176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo17940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo226230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo17946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo201730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo66972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo394639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo49653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo398939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo321348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo158629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Leucopaxillus	Leucopaxillus giganteus
denovo445499	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo321340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo325868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo7767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo396161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo100359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo249817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo189776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo189775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia juniperi
denovo189774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo100352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo396169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo210074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo313219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo96836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo292210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo108164	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo126838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo239340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo126831	Fungi
denovo199087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo105499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo495586	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo151903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo295971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo147226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Gibellula
denovo480770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo442569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo360568	Fungi
denovo476996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo112342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Corynesporascaceae	Corynespora	Corynespora smithii
denovo316361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo264210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo365763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo426285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo9757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo86717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo239696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo160113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia juniperi
denovo49111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo49110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo39790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo273462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo210699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo296441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo296445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo154997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo482767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo288511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo392022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo68402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo184070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo184077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo331112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo331113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo83378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo213529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo212695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo219646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo215159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo212692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo113763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo480196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo85230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo480192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo219649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo22566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo496424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo431850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo146178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena romagnesiana
denovo481825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo241712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo481827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae
denovo285513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo79257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo79258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo285519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo6179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo26634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo352936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo317016	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo350954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo381322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo212340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo168550	Fungi
denovo396209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo102448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema laurentii
denovo4442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo371937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo371931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo4445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo288515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena metata
denovo238568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo371938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo127040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo327934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo323692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo360989	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo33931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo323698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo243416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo244294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo45307	Fungi
denovo309472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo309473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo197956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo308707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo186697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo308700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo53256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo53251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo308709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo218991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo371685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo218998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo110238	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo155711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo257811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo119511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo388655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo74468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo427586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo435904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo421865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo435906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo421868	Fungi
denovo362271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo351350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo351354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo233556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo233554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo157412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo329753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturia populina
denovo358981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo466539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo470704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo282982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Spathulosporomycetidae	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae
denovo150299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo31390	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo98628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo98626	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Rhizophagus
denovo234787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo383466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo71168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo236312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo342877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo367989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo95698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo121071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo111189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo129685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo360691	Fungi
denovo182842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo477062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo71167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo368536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo368537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo368533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo99159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo433542	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo205661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo433545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema	Sistotrema
denovo402310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
denovo378082	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo256855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo282930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo281980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo276236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo154146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo154144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo281986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo379351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo466569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo76431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo254562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo200107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo424747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo156430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo382336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo347948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo302022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo333236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo307447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
denovo235668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo346015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo381829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo371182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo120309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo409416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo176144	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo361115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo30514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo30517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo299246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo30513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo30512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo127823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo402774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo67963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo415073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo135709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo127828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo205081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo463010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo464636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo307449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo162238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo310350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo144547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo469208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo131768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo229168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo371494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo264843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo124553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo124550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo309864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo461570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo309866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo358212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomiaceae
denovo358213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo490358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo369721	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo369729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo423836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo89219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo367618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo423830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo367616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Trichaptum	Trichaptum_abietinum
denovo426849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo360641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula flavovirens
denovo221296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo221290	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo488501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo280213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo439145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo381171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo22322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo22324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo74386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo431336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo376112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo380880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo344329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo481410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo67920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo437478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leohumicola
denovo233961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo233967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo233964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo344326	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo121890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo300517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo64682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo64683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo123027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo123021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo209882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo41325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo98033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo82480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo309136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo378589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo113249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo434785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo58882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Sporormiaceae
denovo281166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo380220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo229099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo65483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo28008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo64858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo39581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes
denovo223636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo223634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo227529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo436786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo227523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo145440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo378585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo227525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium
denovo270948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo23589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Ascosphaeraceae	Ascosphaera	Ascosphaeraceae
denovo23582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo389560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo493072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cryptocoryneum
denovo23586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo61477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo437788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo371140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo306913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo134898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo246123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo466670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo21690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo21691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo371144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo41645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo1392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo8261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo34604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo83618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo266551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helicodendron	Helicodendron luteoalbum
denovo266552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_implicatum
denovo319362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo119898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo448852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo457133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo208374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo208371	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo224361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo14964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo11301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo144319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Cryptosporiopsis
denovo144313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo379399	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo159117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo159115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo24053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo163625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo152127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo152125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo337362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo247652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo247651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo247650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris
denovo439964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo319980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo306008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo125407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo306003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo264806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo479664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo482818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo342074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo341526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo338481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo148920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo247387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo346751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo341529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo147754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo58718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo425433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo485262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo417261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo462007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo138800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo347151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo377163	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo60796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo181950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo50276	Fungi
denovo337475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo165702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo339282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo417199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo394763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo23877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo269309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo223997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo23879	Fungi
denovo264303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo15378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo15379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo80337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo80333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo146405	Fungi
denovo294538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo139351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo94436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo217088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo217083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Leucosporidiales	Leucosporidiaceae
denovo284115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo217084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo307838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo467235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo248177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo395380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo464768	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo348176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo140805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo4130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo315091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea botryosa
denovo252618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo48441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo340348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Morchellaceae	Pezizales	Morchellaceae
denovo376041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo95085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo178150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo92119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
denovo419041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo255966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo81689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo411694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo364382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo398096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Passeriniella	Passeriniella_obiones
denovo212106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo212100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo362074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium carpinicola
denovo12742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo81064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo26968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo81062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo217627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo26961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Steccherinum
denovo261842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo178480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Tremellaceae
denovo26965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo489321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo137296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo100134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo169702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo457965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo71150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo183084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo133987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo393519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo393510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entolomataceae
denovo133989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo211661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo481666	Fungi
denovo48636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo48635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Ciborinia	Ciborinia foliicola
denovo71151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo396184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo283836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo391601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo90614	Fungi
denovo222224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo316547	Fungi
denovo95053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo236368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo485243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo175484	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo255348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo255340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo137748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Thyrostroma	Thyrostroma_cornicola
denovo255347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo444443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo389959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo290536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo186108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo186105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo494009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo176466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo389955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium marquandii
denovo467376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo401407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo477264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo477260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae	Phialemonium	Phialemonium atrogriseum
denovo242142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo327772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo277344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo292978	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo90254	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo175849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo485245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo86594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo405523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo86591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo483587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo212818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo289795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo179354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo50339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo176798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo378247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo494117	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo377640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo379114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo185669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae
denovo114779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo450724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo450727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo224297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo223179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo46554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo49584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo482314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo86043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo326793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Myriospora	Myriospora scabrida
denovo448334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo397524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo289422	Fungi
denovo16110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo16114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo317630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo104533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo101722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo353661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo104539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo82746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo275472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo108649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo82743	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo7450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo108644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo292395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo82748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo357960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo405381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo405380	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo410614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo106971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo246244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo487361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo55186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo487362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo395606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo45922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo186817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Elaphomycetaceae	Elaphomyces	Elaphomyces muricatus
denovo195206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo136912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo293371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium aethiopicum
denovo313026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo313025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo444569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo291287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo257235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo178970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo325210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo419863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo291289	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo40250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo40252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Gomphidiaceae	Chroogomphus	Chroogomphus rutilus
denovo47207	Fungi
denovo353085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo471951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo58436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo373188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo443206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo443204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo439770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo373183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo201560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo274700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo152244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo375919	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo283796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo290883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo206694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo206696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo218416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo107379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo74488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo25085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Calycina ellisii
denovo25084	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo107372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo197503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo344129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Mastigobasidium
denovo187176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo84356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo344120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo468497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo105283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo406129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo370988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo193086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo239559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo147413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo320064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo379803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo196969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo41124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo5612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo344939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo56653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo3723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo160702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta africana
denovo206034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo377401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo113482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo160708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella phragmitis
denovo242978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Ophioceras	Ophioceras dolichostomum
denovo104889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo70042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo104881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo446353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo42868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo259982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo187777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo244483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo343474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo366011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo273164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo80071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo80073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo73634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo351646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo118079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo285304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo243594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo430371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo461125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo277424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo287818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo329653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo99830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo358823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo322687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo322684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo287812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo282827	Fungi
denovo282826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo245283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Melanommataceae
denovo282828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo93343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ericae
denovo122202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo453490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo262834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo402926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo419525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo243620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Clitocybe	Clitocybe metachroides
denovo419520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo372516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo305911	Fungi
denovo124337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo322352	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo150483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo124330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo129523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo32839	Fungi
denovo124339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo207784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo308576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo207782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo308579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo73096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo73090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo208578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum virgineum
denovo477925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo477920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo373406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo430997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora hyalina
denovo430990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo430991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo204470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo157598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo72945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo72884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo72949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium inflatipes
denovo459447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo459445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo51750	Fungi
denovo205780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo458710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo166418	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo378761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo472887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo38961	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo207871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo38966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo383789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo207879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo423262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Tubeufiales	Tubeufiaceae	Helicoma	Helicoma vaccinii
denovo387499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo387497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo492231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo492230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo492233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo332424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo492234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo35823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo157621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo35827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo35824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo272731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo337613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo337612	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo491764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo74293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo31566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo31564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo284894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium
denovo284895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo128696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo151754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo330868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo284893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora austrohemisphaerica
denovo128699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo284899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo286024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo236502	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo491059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo74831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo382782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae
denovo302499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo43191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo382786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo302497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo408975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo120171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo346221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo120175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo120176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo120177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo120178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo478838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo165143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo128347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo372443	Fungi
denovo134666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo165148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo128348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo306326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo487649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo220195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo220199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo15177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo425315	Fungi
denovo201954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo210929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo190327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo88042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo339517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo438502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo33058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo85831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo428090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo230218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo496267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae	Phialemonium	Phialemonium inflatum
denovo230211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo496263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo227871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo464165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
denovo464162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo490140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo330130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo87544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo87540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo87541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo380924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo380929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo364311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora	Acarospora sinopica
denovo124699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo124698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo495512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo305671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo135134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo21886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo495518	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo287045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo124695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo235361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo416006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo19298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo353738	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo19293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo40752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo40753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo60007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo60005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo204043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo431103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo431104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo431108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo12587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo237298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo12580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo229446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo229442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo435522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo96027	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Kappamycetaceae	Kappamyces
denovo484372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo13181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo216112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo216113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo216110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo216111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo19125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes
denovo265364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo420397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo65560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Gnomoniaceae	Gnomoniopsis	Gnomoniopsis comari
denovo65561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo451652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Bolbitiaceae
denovo263201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo29434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo391040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo455725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo354855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo18453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo108755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo488311	Fungi
denovo494646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo271935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo284535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo284532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Panaeolus guttulatus var. guttulatus
denovo250984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo28633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Plectosphaerellaceae
denovo191341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo266189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo131907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo398537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo131904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo18986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo318759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo433337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo265989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo60913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo318751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo39172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo39173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo171369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo182112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo182110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo171362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo171361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo308963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo171365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo171364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo36816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo414338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo189121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo36818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo36819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo63225	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo62513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo436749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo467748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo436748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo450529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo15915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo454455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo454453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis diversiseta
denovo483425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo109759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo165936	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo165934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo118536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo118535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo118534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo109750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo112535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo154737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Resupinatus	Resupinatus striatulus
denovo172184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo459124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Camposporium	Camposporium antennatum
denovo108083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo411861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo272358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo411862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo411865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo142932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo272352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo355812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo272357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo9529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo1054	Fungi
denovo310958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo171982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo458837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo171980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo321533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo224756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo25818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo159703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo225804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo220839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo225808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo407330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo142684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo413648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo413647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo413646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo413645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo383191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo279583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo388235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo279584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo148060	Fungi
denovo294239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo61433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Russulaceae
denovo148065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo34414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo456969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo50840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo34413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo34418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo376119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo399489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo412093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo249611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo59679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo260724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo152080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo169129	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo166354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo59676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo356542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo356546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo97576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo484446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo67074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo452362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectria ramulariae
denovo452935	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo338366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo71750	Fungi
denovo214233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo480309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo278671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo391830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo278676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo192063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo483101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Purpureocillium lilacinum
denovo264110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo264116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo141653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo130825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo3520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Austrogautieria
denovo199907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo341771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo140796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo377642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo3526	Fungi
denovo27713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo489272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo179531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo7451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo324010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo7454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo7457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo324019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo44420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo168299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo296815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo184400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo244641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo244640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo197501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo42139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo197507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo416768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo56656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo444062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo258830	Fungi
denovo416763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo46371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo258835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo253779	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Lobulomycetes	Lobulomycetales	Lobulomycetaceae	Clydaea
denovo240735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo116943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo7183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo47311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo176611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo53027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo168744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo168748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo34645	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Coltricia
denovo392561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo392562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo411084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo262619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo85333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Dacrymyces	Dacrymyces minutus
denovo219147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo443875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo480874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo390050	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo315114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
denovo156892	Fungi
denovo407503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Coltricia
denovo293494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo102817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo57306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo252793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo397885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo484370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo142101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo132460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo132462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo351129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo323248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo5965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo367969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo352472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo322110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo150645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo150647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo289320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Pseudocoleophoma	Pseudocoleophoma calamagrostidis
denovo42287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo245513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo297071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo297074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo154736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo245518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo158861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo241463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo252428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo399486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo293947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo241464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo241465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo241469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo327094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo98499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo288634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo291891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo202848	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo90794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo291899	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo171648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo474900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Corynesporascaceae	Corynespora
denovo90791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo402866	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo94149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo1932	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo298571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo410350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo45292	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo443879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo259048	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo410356	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales	Olpidiaceae	Olpidium	Olpidium brassicae
denovo410358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo443874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo362605	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo259041	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo451352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo293496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo251219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo251210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo288635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo90796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo52083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo52081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo365953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo74969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo205311	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo432063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo268283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo151515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo103078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo327630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo327631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo396042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo359618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo396047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo351875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo17471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo5030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo44998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo90869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo326329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo326321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo355175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo326325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo103381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo92425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo128102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo48390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo48394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo177568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo107492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo107493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo254483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo296037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo30764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo59080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Erythricium	Erythricium salmonicolor
denovo365379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae
denovo114634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo258794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo86367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Keissleriella
denovo86365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo114633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo51859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo198624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo198628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo71921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo247924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo195011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo200557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo112679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo72748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo87888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo112676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales
denovo322809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo102385	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo102384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo322805	Fungi
denovo122174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo397310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo16709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo448102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo428255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo428252	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo78060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo16702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo16703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo157914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo429126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo429122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo95444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo107237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo435048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo95979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Agaricus
denovo58600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea japonica
denovo102032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo368605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo368607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo106728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo49045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Anthopsis
denovo447629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo287201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lecideales	Lecideaceae	Lecidea	Lecidea atrobrunnea
denovo487114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo106725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo106726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo395815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo395810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo425698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo395812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo382895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo40191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo237054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo407397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo431747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo407975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo320188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo345447	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo281338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo237059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo62168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo354906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo476413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo124907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo257987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo124909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo325004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia juniperi
denovo445704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo297805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena speirea
denovo64018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo239188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo218592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo61221	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo479916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo184363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Entylomatales	Entylomataceae	Entyloma	Entylomataceae
denovo83288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helgardia	Helgardia anguioides
denovo259825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo33441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo475265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo475267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo443018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo83286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo52344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo157006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo181626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo366733	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo363923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo480467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo113070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo479785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo478478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo286646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo344716	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo286644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo475192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo475197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella nigra
denovo425926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo335898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo74193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo328409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo328402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo328401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo149537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo103804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_implicatum
denovo242834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo320230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo242830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo242831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo320236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo229933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo437359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella phragmitis
denovo437357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo236090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo236092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo280529	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo309543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo309540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo78079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo32315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo478263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo240545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo478266	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo478267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo113699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo160577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo366193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo478268	Fungi
denovo366191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo470012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo328182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Boletus	Boletaceae
denovo414684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo414681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo164344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Glomosporiaceae	Thecaphora	Ustilaginaceae
denovo62281	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo54332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo427438	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
denovo427431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo287990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Phellopilus	Phellopilus nigrolimitatus
denovo172519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo287993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo496060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo372964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo372960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo445960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo374496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo390614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo204628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo374499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo413488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Anthopsis
denovo150369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo272627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo306047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo413481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Phacidiella	Phacidiella_podocarpi
denovo433070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo150366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo329448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo235541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo34258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo63481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo337138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo437731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo5700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo401619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo122417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo49098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo385437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo121148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo342402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo408836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo121147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo63153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo52923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala lecanii-corni
denovo120817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo446575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo421772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo19701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo120818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo258796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo66502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo209219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo209215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo209211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo379632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo67674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo375724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo337798	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo166626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo337792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo332666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo337794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo337795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo383596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo234635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo234631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo387288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae
denovo423438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo387283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo335796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
denovo425101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo425100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo425103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo350255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo350257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo34928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo346384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleurophragmium
denovo346387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales incertae sedis
denovo381996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo230396	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo381992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo346388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo453689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo490843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo462435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo462436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo236773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum henningsii
denovo345877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo387133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo454813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo30200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo30202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo468656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo467605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo468654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo468652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo386429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Lopadostoma	Lopadostoma polynesium
denovo393768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo39289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo134492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo460870	Fungi
denovo220769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo453533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo306518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo301150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae	Natantispora	Natantispora unipolaris
denovo264758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo464669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo15702	Fungi
denovo10550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo255531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo411240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo255537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo265081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo422453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo456333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo58023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo422454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo310180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo484170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo484173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo132665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo217475	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella rishikesha
denovo197748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo335429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo335424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo216705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo216704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala scopiformis
denovo13395	Fungi
denovo7899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo289127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo216709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo262369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo434096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales
denovo469520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo227689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo52077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo164088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo394237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo385195	Fungi
denovo436296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo135363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo311588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo450434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo465608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo344834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo289691	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo6901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo6902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo22744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Myxotrichum	Myxotrichum chartarum
denovo317862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo298770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo145353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo149671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo298776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo451598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo410111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo440636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo410114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo294602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo456888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo435596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo435595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo455683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo455685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Myxotrichaceae
denovo455684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo305351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo183475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo488297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo355227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo168885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo1482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo307260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo115125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo115124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo12047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo263016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo42	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo12042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo263010	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo75958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo17674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo311323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo17670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo14210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo326128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo29843	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
denovo223301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo133205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo355374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo29848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo224654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo92227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo92226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo224659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo404867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo11630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo404865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo28463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Fusidium
denovo20671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo489451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo189084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo24748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo292523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo24743	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo429886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo341921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo326694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo341926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo326696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo422910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo304002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo40524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo38070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo148180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo148186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo148184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo312741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo312744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo172065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo137439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo251941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo316051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo441273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium conicum
denovo137436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo441274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo137432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo198358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo46928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo84506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo464744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium hygrophilum
denovo250011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma terricola
denovo250010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo454223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo454225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo469696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo70505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo66261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo11096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo11091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo5482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo108298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo5489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo108291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo310725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo484914	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo10949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo227107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo215423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo438333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo332944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo366452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo192388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria proteae
denovo192382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo192381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo96213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo159572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo357264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella acuum
denovo397258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo159577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo357269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ericae
denovo397257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo342361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo84965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo246540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo246544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma linderae
denovo106296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo55808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo140402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo391523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo471524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo57680	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo148233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo241799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo315835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo315834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo443658	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Ceriporia	Ceriporia alachuana
denovo49046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo278119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo57405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo243328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo57401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo470859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo57403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Darksidea zeta
denovo169371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo325578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo169378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo410966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo106720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo410969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo392873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo305533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo252323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo417604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo291173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo83914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo291178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo45380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo212618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo406576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo147844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo147841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo147840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo263842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena polygramma
denovo263845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo116579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo153496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo320437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo1882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo117222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo155799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo323160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo323161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo323162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo217138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo397927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo233627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo261570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo494588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo141444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo329610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo141441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo193169	Fungi
denovo468350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo240674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Buergenerula	Buergenerula spartinae
denovo240675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo469960	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo240678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo44659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo248444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo348664	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo248442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo324225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo44652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo47102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo7228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo7229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Phialocephala fortinii
denovo95172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo464490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo419178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo316876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo316874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo316875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo45526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo419170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo126715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo105175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo126710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo105176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo255672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo255671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo346001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo186617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo389465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo382553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo102992	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo368829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Geomyces	Geomyces auratus
denovo52120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo404018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo374651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo407970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo368824	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo150564	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo493676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo378550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo395279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo359507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo359505	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo98514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo332856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo86757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo86753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo329133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo129176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo129174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo302757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo129170	Fungi
denovo417848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo33378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo129178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Humicola grisea
denovo297222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo281903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo445166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo281907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo305204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo445168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo401137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo33224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo241237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo401130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo401131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo249422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo249423	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo249420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo405495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo194247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo55478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo472122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo246954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo198819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo375524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo62808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo49651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo77695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo176000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo409490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo409495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo218003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo251008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo254071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo251006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo257520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo188920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo188923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo188922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo205908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo276818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo40543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Helicobasidiales	Helicobasidiaceae	Platygloeales	Platygloeaceae
denovo37865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo353571	Fungi
denovo186579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo103223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo283417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo103227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo103226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo48215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Phaeoclavulina	Phaeoclavulina curta
denovo369058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Chrysozyma_griseoflava
denovo48216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo435948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo200183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo200181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo159967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo298992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo83586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo425475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo152959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo230622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo152951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo152950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo234538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo234539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo421363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo421362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo19392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema
denovo403795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo32572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo99262	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo234535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo254698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo361193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo254696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo254694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo82180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo30599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo476333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo65760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo239060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo403429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478192	Fungi
denovo415167	Fungi
denovo32681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo234280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo256692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo383928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea gamma
denovo263852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo435369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo102173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo335229	Fungi
denovo106885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo495253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo377936	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo237399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo422120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo237393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo364926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo68925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo31885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo127249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo75165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo75162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo368017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo101415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo282427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo287410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo282424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo287415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo367698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo149476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo149477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo228943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria
denovo434704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo434707	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo464820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo284145	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo373834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo438671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo62893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo161548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo475266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo329969	Fungi
denovo329966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo213818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo33769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo161547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo129922	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo451819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo325632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo307069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo470196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo459336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo415455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo266260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo59507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo160801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo59506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo257938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo475017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo335916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo335914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo65261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Atheliaceae
denovo65262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium
denovo65265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo338182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo144646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo387715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo64907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia minipascua
denovo344502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo236118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo286439	Fungi
denovo30867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo60282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo63010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora_humicola
denovo119818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo277337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo381381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo74782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo277331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo202114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo74788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo265433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Itersonilia	Itersonilia pannonica
denovo277338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo358430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo356332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo97324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo207545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Pseudoseptoria	Pseudoseptoria collariana
denovo97329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo207548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo276083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo461504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo172264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo276080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo97606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo89575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo332336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo62122	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo381657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo381654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia dubia
denovo381650	Fungi
denovo474769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillaceae
denovo358439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo63832	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo470227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo413858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo470221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo473758	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo122623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo334517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo306086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo414492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo267608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo300874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo267602	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo459572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
denovo272788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Curvibasidium	Curvibasidium_cygneicollum
denovo484742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum nudipes
denovo166126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo203645	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo203640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo165472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo89910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo384700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo462081	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo108906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium viticola
denovo394816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo462087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo303184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo272873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo26927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo272871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo331571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo69892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo69890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo346246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo425929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo124284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo120999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo338157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo422954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo148432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo486255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo276172	Fungi
denovo380520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetales_incertae_sedis
denovo339200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo20992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo346247	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe montana
denovo424466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo408374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo492650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo231234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo342611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo21027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo392311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo173605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo173602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo342619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo305577	Fungi
denovo305574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo124758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo367475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia changbaiensis
denovo333170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo120660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo174956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales
denovo301056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo252122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo412431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo326967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo10296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo164784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo166871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo488709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo350596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo39215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo13924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo50199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo488705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo449891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo449890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo408657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo423606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo162172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo147701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo261779	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Sphaerobolaceae	Sphaerobolus	Sphaerobolus stellatus
denovo408652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo295092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo10745	Fungi
denovo10742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo261776	Fungi
denovo164436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo384182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo221409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo472215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo18595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo56590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo468592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo384531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo384533	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo384534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo398011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo63541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo398018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo398019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo134754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo134757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo134756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo348467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo134753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena speirea
denovo390228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo490655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo495684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo495683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Leotiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Leotiomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo400268	Fungi
denovo288440	Fungi
denovo137211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo411167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo255470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo38167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo342864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo494375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo228001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo42418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Rhexoacrodictys	Rhexoacrodictys_queenslandica
denovo228003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo228002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo27079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo306705	Fungi
denovo415845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo400386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo306703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo306702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo415849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo187859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo441840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo197280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo495975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo414139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo465419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo494089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo351665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo390480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo227763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo390489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo171476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo263736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo399766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Mastigosporium	Mastigosporium_album
denovo266927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo266928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo450233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo365523	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo86514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo461718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo114445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo114444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo392881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo357995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo90652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo289712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo145255	Fungi
denovo318191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo289718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo145251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo483956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo101055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo225403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Rhizoplaca	Rhizoplaca porteri
denovo225401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo394061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo394067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo394066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo23310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo414008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo17282	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo327441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo132365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo388539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo391686	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo191854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo482397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo49503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria proteae
denovo400813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo352352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo326718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo133011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo16193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo130297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo46831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo1565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo381424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo130298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo109193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo109196	Fungi
denovo172927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo52459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo414826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo414825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo172929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo291751	Fungi
denovo408342	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo291754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo291757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo291756	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
denovo378826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo378820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo115717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo136994	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes	Monoblepharidales
denovo199700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo199705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo478264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo389019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo222844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo112843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo112844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo17829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Ramalina	Ramalina tortuosa
denovo76638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo18837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo51375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo71065	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo250227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo439671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo457270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo224446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo158543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo97043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo158547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula
denovo409776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo100011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo177193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo163453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo107040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo177196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo171435	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo316792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo292311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo194735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo53765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Octaviania	Octaviania cyanescens
denovo116514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo477126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo194733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Geomyces	Geomyces auratus
denovo194732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo148378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo239261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo471481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo471486	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo73152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo321151	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo321156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo268177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo247518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Polysporina	Polysporina subfuscescens
denovo290808	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo312955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo396330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo480638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo25005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo192779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo192778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo353009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo189545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo141968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo192773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo192776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo192775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo192774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo476687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo185073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo9497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo188497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Cladoniaceae	Cladonia	Cladonia diversa
denovo399887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo476688	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo147497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo449288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo256108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Dinemasporium	Dinemasporium morbidum
denovo3237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo449286	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo449281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo296569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo379887	Fungi
denovo379880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo70330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo446025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Entodesmium
denovo210790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo210795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo184135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo112155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo184131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo106316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo72146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo83034	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo83036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo116434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo116437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo377487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo116432	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo273252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo273255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo101830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo10131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo153513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo210865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo153517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Caliciales	Physciaceae	Mobergia	Mobergia calculiformis
denovo192197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo210869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo192194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo117524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo79119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo193823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo140615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo140614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo193829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo324385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo324387	Fungi
denovo324380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo138373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo324389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo184798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo184792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo293864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo327873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo323553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora pseudovitensis
denovo323554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo26062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Glomerobolus	Glomerobolus gelineus
denovo376538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo244151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo6342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo186791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo53191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo445821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo248637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo308068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo245209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo41872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo167255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo41870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo373339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo117387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo127672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Bensingtonia	Bensingtonia bomiensis
denovo117383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo184867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo373335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo202752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo78245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo480577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo74541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo232855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo232854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo232856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo212422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo78248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo74548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo232852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo53444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena sanguinolenta
denovo53445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo73016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria estremocensis
denovo80363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo421948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo362330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta mutabilis
denovo19979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Polyporales	Phanerochaetaceae
denovo288124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo90086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo233452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo157516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia subglobispora
denovo157518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo157519	Fungi
denovo289839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo150152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo353833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo389344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo389345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo27337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo470423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo42994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo289834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo389343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo234866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo98700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo359773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo359774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo234860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo359777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo303632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo387417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo387414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo387415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo90552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo303634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo84878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo374592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo374594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo427040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo326834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo126108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo418615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo290071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo474213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo207708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo418613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo378453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo186420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo52713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo404178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo453018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo57166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Gs33
denovo446843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo446845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo446844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo446848	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo256959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo232327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo282244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo328969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo31291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo276377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo251638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo251639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo72059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo270231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo251636	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo270236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo72051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo347864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo138045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo45193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo333379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo428540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo433759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo241004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo120468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo293527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo293520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo329440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo299524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299525	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella pseudozygospora
denovo30654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiellus tricolor
denovo30655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo231740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo156264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo51821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo479122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo235059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo402633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo302270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo235053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo452769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo302276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo239922	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Gomphaceae	Austrogautieria
denovo73906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo371221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo88621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259427	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales
denovo85423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo376948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo417934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo398759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo164230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo376942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo164234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo333994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo221649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo317498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo14626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo432405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo421449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo88623	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo334348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo429636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo361018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo361017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo361014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo230304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo361012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo334346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo361011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo423978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo89313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Thedgonia
denovo83776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo34254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo381039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Paraleptosphaeria	Paraleptosphaeria orobanches
denovo274269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo381035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo32724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo383888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo32727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo162998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo162996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo421199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo22208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo237745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Phallomycetidae
denovo311177	Fungi
denovo233846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo311172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo367082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo84095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo84094	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo331269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo84099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo287621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo463801	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo488399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo408264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo123340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo234093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo228574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo234090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo87484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo334966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo364681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia juniperi
denovo41407	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo368198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo65876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo368197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo368191	Fungi
denovo368193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo357923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo309071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo160263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo113367	Fungi
denovo33673	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo23157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo285999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo465259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo68773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo368223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo285991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo68778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo79653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo15996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Stereaceae	Acanthophysellum
denovo427903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo85320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo307383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo88543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo493336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo229223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo349420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo277100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo277104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
denovo246004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo39717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo94889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo39719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo235870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo123833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo88890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo61647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo319004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo61642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo61640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo36893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo122123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo36897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo479951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo479950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo479956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo479955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo42358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Vibrissea
denovo119994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo380484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo457070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo457076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo208234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo297166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo34497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo266761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo66035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo406830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo465925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo144058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo465920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo119660	Fungi
denovo108002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum asiaticum
denovo54813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo24317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo29141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo163100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo4731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo337088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo337089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo163105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo338052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo409125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo44525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo439847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo493800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo383069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo278904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo278907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo19702	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomycetaceae
denovo439849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo125362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo469699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo280908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo478609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo280901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo147655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo314315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo147653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo148603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo148609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo406328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo66699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo143721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo20541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo20540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo462327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo294331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo426057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo60697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo181851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo449912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo489371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo153752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Thelephoraceae
denovo58181	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo165621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo165627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo165626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo165625	Fungi
denovo165629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo270577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo23935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo394606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo385582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo357638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo264261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo342797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo15237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo305055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo349676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo349672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Diaporthales
denovo365925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo91931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales
denovo91937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo214810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo278011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo407057	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo407055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo407059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales
denovo407058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo142455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo342863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo26268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo142451	Fungi
denovo142450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo26267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo173413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo142458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo468146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo463494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo468142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo468143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo199981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo56962	Fungi
denovo131770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo418053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo4079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo196456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo196454	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo196452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo393518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo301244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Trichaptum	Trichaptum_fuscoviolaceum
denovo252712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo313922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo142182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo419724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo419725	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo178056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo170268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo178054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo455569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo178058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo18253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo197585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo170262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo60529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo463142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo263919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo14543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo64865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo212227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo410602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo81149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo81146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Sporormiaceae	Sporormiella	Sporormiella leporina
denovo81147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo261921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Tetrachaetum
denovo261923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Chrysosporium
denovo169626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo137395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo482920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo482925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo262697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo389584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo393659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo398609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo268751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo362687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo323829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo484519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo484518	Fungi
denovo323824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo396517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo323821	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo323820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo481747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo391722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo169999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo8676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo193669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo169995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo137027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo311435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo311432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo81545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo56034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo355460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo290274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo224964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo290276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo224962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo224963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo224961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo73506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo386809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo494126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo42209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo53607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo48066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo48067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo28376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo28377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo222492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo28373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo242061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo44911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo44914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo48069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo175924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Porphyrellus
denovo212918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo255157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo251340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ericae
denovo3862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo212912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo295573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo179017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo418182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo176696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo76809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo176698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo176699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo200260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo17783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella tricincta
denovo17782	Fungi
denovo72210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo200269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo46452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo355288	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo355289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo258710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo46456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo482212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo355285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo355286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo119726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo355280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo250520	Fungi
denovo448271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo130559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo130558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo250529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo130556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo190315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo190314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo140032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo60957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo77793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo225619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo77798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo77799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Parastagonospora	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo275331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo488207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo435519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
denovo102303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo29420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo156066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo35196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo485632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo322880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo291651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo326503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo326509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo448187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo215336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo195368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo195364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis agropyri
denovo195367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo315433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo478036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo319767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo379254	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo319765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo379253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo402349	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo384741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo55940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo194947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo402343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo313105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo71743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo71742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo178833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo178834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo487193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo200231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo243088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo395891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Lanzia
denovo487198	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo40116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo445254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo47326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo195097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo115508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo445259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo8170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo100196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Acrospermales	Leptodiscella	Leptodiscella
denovo356440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo201609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo22963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis trillii
denovo205987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo325081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo297888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo105653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo297882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_implicatum
denovo445783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo268034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo312854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo191070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo312852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Athelopsis	Athelopsis lembospora
denovo312853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo361562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales
denovo330339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo100223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo486823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo486824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo82553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo191431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo106101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo351809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo213637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo106109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo157081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo406049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophomerum	Lophomerum autumnale
denovo103554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo314450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo388957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo80956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo284730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo116082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo214179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo296687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo214174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo214175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo422412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo41245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo41244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo443369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusicolla
denovo41240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo446787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo443365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo446789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo394466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo443360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo443363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo244057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo239764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo239761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo358167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo471142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo358165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Passalora	Passalora fulva
denovo3003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo253124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo103881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo103880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo253120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo103886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo328488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo253123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo44149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo273590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo170947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo384259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo443097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo75531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo89428	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo336590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo113610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo273043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo429875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo113618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo118730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Stephanosporaceae
denovo478704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo241624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza	Hyalopeziza nectrioidea
denovo102684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo102682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo102683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo102680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo269070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo425821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo430030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo323458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo26744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo219269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo336048	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo277740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo289976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo336047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo336046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo353880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo238411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo238410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo167592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo426699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo259247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo122327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo413945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora	Cosmospora arxii
denovo419448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo419447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo419445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo129444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo413405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo474392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo474390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo63404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo92391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo449406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo19833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo281610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo245017	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo245015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Olpitrichum	Olpitrichum_sphaerosporum
denovo167040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo407143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo155624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo477447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo459327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo374144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces caricis
denovo374140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo111611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo111610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo111612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo378644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo163744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo163748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo378649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo375239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo19787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo19782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo423343	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo373692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo89924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo296520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo89921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo189316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo326974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo462269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo466223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo271359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo488972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
denovo337717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo31480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys eucylindrospora
denovo31483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo383516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo383515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo441175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo128794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo283920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo283923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo283922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo461264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo151018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Alboleptonia	Alboleptonia sericella
denovo48501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo48500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo286342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo76982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo236266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo76986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo164669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo76988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo303469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo441171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo126371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo302591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo419315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo403825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae
denovo365005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo174522	Fungi
denovo120236	Fungi
denovo31738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo128422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo424583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo453609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo30283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo30282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo476822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo458584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo491646	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo347190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo490598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo490596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo339653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo364182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo125777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo156544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo156546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo335433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo156541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo156542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo297631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo479086	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo302334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo33398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo235791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo235796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo496341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo366968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo496345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo496347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo85978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo87229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo82619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo139708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo361608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo286835	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo82615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo139702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo127958	Fungi
denovo127957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo304093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo416218	Fungi
denovo67896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo33642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo290085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo21968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo40659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo37772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo206074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Metacordyceps	Metacordyceps liangshanensis
denovo60325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Gastrosporiaceae	Gastrosporium	Gastrosporium simplex
denovo40653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo210829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo301731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo301732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo161078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo164000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo124427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo87800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo59911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo265006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo265005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo265009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo12337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo84759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo455602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormiella	Sporormiella megalospora
denovo367761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo367767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae	Phialemonium	Phialemonium inflatum
denovo367765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo485627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo76376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo280362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo133534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo32114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo228435	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo228436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo22436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo22432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales
denovo284471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo424240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo143904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo222653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo388961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo20368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo391251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo357713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo388969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena sanguinolenta
denovo18660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo310678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo24876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo24870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo439568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo384245	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo60810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo60812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo307775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo303858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Acephala
denovo303859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo306820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo36911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo189009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo303854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo441144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudogymnoascus	Pseudogymnoascus roseus
denovo62415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Trichaptum	Trichaptum_fuscoviolaceum
denovo450641	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo492855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo450647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo492856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Octaviania	Octaviania cyanescens
denovo492859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo450648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo318566	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Agaricus	Agaricus wariatodes
denovo304087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo49221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo352594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo483502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo447885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo211251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo211254	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo355902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo24292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Tremellaceae
denovo267334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo24290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo447881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo355914	Fungi
denovo223526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo355916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo223521	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo39697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo272098	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo223528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo16547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo16545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo279973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo279972	Fungi
denovo307196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo307195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo307194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo307193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo86609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo37456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo270831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo366052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo158339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo38349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo289223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo493109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo159063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo159067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Comoclathris spartii
denovo108211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo384935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo384936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo140338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo272547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo246637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo91858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo140331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo227187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo272548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo450962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo140335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo148108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo34512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo185259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo8776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo31240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo319219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo405887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo347177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo405885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo376012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo313478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrophorus	Hygrophorus agathosmus
denovo173334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo55884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo405889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo130165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo130162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo317367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraphaeosphaeria	Paraphaeosphaeria pilleata
denovo305844	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo317369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo317368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo305849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo260644	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo166098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo59130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo59131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo194309	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes
denovo152637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo338242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo271014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo271015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo271010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo147594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo271012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo356751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo214372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo214373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo25456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo386264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo214377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo57952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo57754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo460012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_finlandica
denovo192309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo325864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo435813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina rehmii
denovo325463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo54758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo314126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo472957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo295351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo247270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Corticiales	Corticiaceae
denovo295355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Massarinaceae	Stagonospora	Stagonospora pseudovitensis
denovo174642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo479547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo7550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo44307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo456170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Morchellaceae	Verpa	Verpa bohemica
denovo25980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo296918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo44300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo462175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella nigra
denovo462173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo462172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo57483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo416488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo83636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_panacis
denovo467520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo467528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo416484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo27582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo165014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo214995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo11901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo168023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo168020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo116868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo83797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo6808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo269275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo269274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo180375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales
denovo269272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo417687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma terricola
denovo417685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo392489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo264016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo261061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo26187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo416150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo416151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo416157	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo13505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo265765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo219067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo219065	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo395147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo395146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo6903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo395140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo462313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo101354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo395148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo192874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo399872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo136237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo484237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo294407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea japonica
denovo39979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo495195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo392734	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo495196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo419682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo495199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo400930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo355582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo355580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo245659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica xeroderma
denovo389797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo7068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Trichoglossum	Trichoglossum hirsutum
denovo324804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo324805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo190433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo348002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo469001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo298181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo180996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo388224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales
denovo252500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo252503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo380100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo261683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo440631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo85885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo187341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo495449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo187347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo298235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium bakeri
denovo53837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo410412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo410411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo481468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo409545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo443931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo263681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo117803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella	Ophiosphaerella korrae
denovo396493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo489258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo489257	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo184820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo100406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo178574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo489251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo17084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo169818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo86860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo86861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo485540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo95971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo293575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo151655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo151656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo151653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo362497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo362494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo48747	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo259673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo191749	Fungi
denovo254164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo396726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo155544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo48749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo351935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo155541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo351930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo251081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo44896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo90900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo373372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo44891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo175685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo187967	Fungi
denovo187960	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo175681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo17330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo254160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo179198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo494714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo254162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo94627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo358743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo293179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo358741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo128220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo461835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo109605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo109602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo283492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo48291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo441424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo177680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo486163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo486164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo486165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo292806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala
denovo405413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo405412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo179229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo314954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo378334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo318604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula suecica
denovo318601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo372070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo372073	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo177350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo97194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo156386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo156387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo156381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo86132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae
denovo198095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo198097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo365144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo397459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo491569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo63792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo428113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella tuckerae
denovo448026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo101430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo162891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo162892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae
denovo70820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo162897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae	Caloplaca	Caloplaca obscurella
denovo162896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo87427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo210080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis insignis
denovo486787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo210087	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo107170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo76254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo98822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo368728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo359833	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo76252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo368721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo243161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo360533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo83505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo287320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo447743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo395916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo333898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo315606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo210552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo210558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo31805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo192465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo31803	Fungi
denovo472879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Chaetomidium	Chaetomidium gallecicum
denovo472878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo476518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo476519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo161271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo472873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo472872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo2252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo472876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo325324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo287493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo325327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo71155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo199327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo256618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Coryneliales	Coryneliaceae	Corynelia	Corynelia africana
denovo449770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo256610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo449772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo184086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo487586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo360399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo360393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo201415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Microcyclospora
denovo157164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo274638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo113132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo80858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo273945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Beauveria pseudobassiana
denovo273947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo426229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo426228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo75706	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo110441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo90839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo79288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo75708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo426225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo331630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo344051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo387820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo141399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo78773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo324497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo431558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo480256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo480257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo238334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo431556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo288262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo323645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo323644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo323647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo323646	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo323641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo323643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo323642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo288260	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo67126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo33988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo62655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo381309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo244240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo62652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo478347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo32051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo32054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo328697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo160631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo34300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo429938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo273369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo355379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo370568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo470111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo167949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo167941	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo65153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo65151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo68306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo125154	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo267131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo280770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo111792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo408152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo343580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo343581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo355373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo372840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo207011	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo223306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo73701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo299878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo321474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Pertusariales	Megasporaceae
denovo267685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo119237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria indefessa
denovo338236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo111429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo272704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo119238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo111420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo135852	Fungi
denovo466581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo436123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo271102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo135510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo232433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo343053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo486732	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo77936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo276461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo167367	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo276465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo98010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo359063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo461589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraphoma fimeti
denovo421415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo461581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo461580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo347776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo480026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo113387	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo329279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo466054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo135587	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo135584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo432450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo308408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo308409	Fungi
denovo99512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo34067	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo100609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo25428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo369251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
denovo369252	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo49391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo209316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo173687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo452875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia zsoltii var. yunnanensis
denovo212384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Typhulaceae	Typhula	Typhula incarnata
denovo391425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria halima
denovo222045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo173688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo375000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina
denovo375003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo276289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo362927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo38897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Nidulariaceae
denovo354432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo234772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo162464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo367953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo492524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo204099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo205325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo425225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo226902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo91509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo18049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales
denovo350510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo350517	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo338732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo488782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo381891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo90432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo439344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo439345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo423685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo423686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo423682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes
denovo20914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo20913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo387078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo30369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo292521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Myxotrichaceae
denovo56511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo468515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo341340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo221488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo123260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo123264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo123267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo306250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo424797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Acephala
denovo417440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo417442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo420087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo67442	Fungi
denovo164704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo13742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo416310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo13745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo228081	Fungi
denovo386672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo386674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo490389	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo386679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo306781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo96016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo247284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo125987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo438437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo231856	Fungi
denovo231850	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs05
denovo231851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo389735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo217339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo264568	Fungi
denovo265217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo190639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo262242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo262245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo54748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo390404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo390401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo265219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo237458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula
denovo469641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo476769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo469647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo139938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurophragmium
denovo225330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo380856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo88464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo394571	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo394573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo454636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo299145	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo299147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo495607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hydnangiaceae	Laccaria
denovo132054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo465763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo132057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo305782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo383836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo300364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo197178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo317941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo190185	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
denovo190182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo130743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella
denovo434228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo130741	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo431614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitocella	Clitocella popinalis
denovo440174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo130749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gautieriaceae	Gautieria
denovo301948	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo294722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium rubrigenum
denovo301944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo493604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo385322	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo316058	Fungi
denovo465497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo183333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo300093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo182067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo415152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo191589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo319537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo465326	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes
denovo211595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo319531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo211599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo319539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo20282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo95993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo311043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo431194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo94028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo482068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium carpinicola
denovo94023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo483332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo483336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo158271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo158273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo23530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo100727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo100726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo52980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo108536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula pruinosa
denovo408078	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo108534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo108535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo108539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo133095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo444311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo92070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo312660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo312666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo319394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo38138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo137578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo249990	Fungi
denovo316718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo100095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo249994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo414202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo316712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo414201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo114268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo112228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo453865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo112226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo66182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo108398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo5564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo29070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo29072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo60474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo392115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo79656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo21666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo448557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo392118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo21663	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo215742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo390983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo390987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo215748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo321221	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo88924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo442423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo82929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo422033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo159636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo357309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo342087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo342085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo349964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo349965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo246461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo349967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo247598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo195464	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo471402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo199121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo314626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo314629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo168036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo405823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo66263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Mollisia
denovo192110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo453940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo397066	Fungi
denovo342551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo352874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo2723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo250804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo390627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo250800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo12652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo140699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo206527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo206521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo184712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo443467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo443462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo426022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo5487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo261184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo350653	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo212718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo152461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo152469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo247337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo314088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia americana
denovo238138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo480013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo238130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella citrina
denovo238132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo86221	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo264609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo426796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo233100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo26391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo155856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo26396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo264600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo468252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
denovo406740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo27621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo27628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo335045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo238686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo131065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo238680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo407295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo196344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo407293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo94398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo90005	Fungi
denovo475875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo354021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo244739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hydnangiaceae	Laccaria	Hydnangiaceae
denovo90000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo90003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo141279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo416141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo427776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo427777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo240028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo427773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo210224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo240022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo80387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo42913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo363397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo42916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo42917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo53110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo7074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Erioscyphella	Erioscyphella curvispora
denovo101250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo153331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo186716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo101253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo391273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces radicicola
denovo117308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo269402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Thielavia	Thielavia intermedia
denovo117302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo374510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo374513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo419344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo175233	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo111224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Atheliaceae	Piloderma	Piloderma sphaerosporum
denovo170600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo363641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo262767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo262765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo315025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo315027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo451499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo481059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_commune
denovo359263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo359266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo351014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo359269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo431480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia minipascua
denovo433429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo61546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Aplosporellaceae	Aplosporella	Aplosporella papillata
denovo355773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo298378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Pertusariales	Megasporaceae	Lecanorales
denovo289210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo154020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo298372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Ascochyta rabiei
denovo47737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo47732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo459343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo97841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo356870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo388070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo178436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo242776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo249507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo243824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo243820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo68784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo246856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo129347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo297495	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo474837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo88002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo375648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo375649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo297499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo241087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo371554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo435714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo362516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo268448	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo204256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo251325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo76861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo254133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo109338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo17974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo205124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo257443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo122952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo357267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo245532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo77402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena zephirus
denovo77400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo73980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo276911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cladorrhinum
denovo276912	Fungi
denovo276913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo482467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo236847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo379493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo242194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo156772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo217187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo152858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo250140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo333910	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo104619	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales	Olpidiaceae	Olpidium
denovo335650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo104616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo104614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo157828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo333919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Alternaria eichhorniae
denovo104611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo104610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo432487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo477568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo477569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo103493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo1439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo296727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo254799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo155082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo72585	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo194476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo198756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo85393	Fungi
denovo408779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo408773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo162915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo234362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo70986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo70989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo41775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo349865	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales
denovo433884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo435283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo65456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo156190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo43884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo258375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo390677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo444948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo258379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo216278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo256428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo422005	Fungi
denovo256427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo206643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo422000	Fungi
denovo364605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo364601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo263088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo345283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo209920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
denovo68806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo435135	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo102727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo472939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo435133	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor hiemalis
denovo435132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo75001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo367555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo106613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo34165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo37300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo37302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo282746	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo282744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo330173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo85632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo116176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo85635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo315836	Fungi
denovo434422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo434423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo145019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo285912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo329848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo399593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo285915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo330174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo373177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo297939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo297938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo127531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo284352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo415318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo354199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo61537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo65690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo259959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Valsaceae	Valsa	Valsa abietis
denovo177661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo36754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas cyathoideum
denovo495478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo274404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo274402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo74353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae
denovo252578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo412180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo133737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo207190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo207191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae	Verrucaria	Verrucariaceae
denovo308300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo57402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea zeta
denovo46995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo266454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Dermoloma
denovo68115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo167757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo266457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo110631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo75911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo354195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo75918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo261690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo46991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo119913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia mediterranea
denovo387615	Fungi
denovo119914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo387617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo119919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo149228	Fungi	Aphelidiomycota	Aphelidiomycetes	Gs16
denovo78522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo277275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo90587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo149224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo408920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo118352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo109936	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo229806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo285006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo285000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo73519	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo286266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus collinsoniae
denovo166442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo35279	Fungi
denovo24391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo160400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo277185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo470308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo63970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo477786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo48834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo432818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo418231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo300939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo414590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo303376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo115607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria weimeri
denovo300930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo332184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo182420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula calyciformis
denovo332187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo280985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo115602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo420519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo208833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo163271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo207227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo207220	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo209108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo58454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo58452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae
denovo357148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo204757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo204754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo119002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora pseudovitensis
denovo204750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo267496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo492284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo483485	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Lactarius	Russulaceae
denovo272934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo272933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaeta
denovo267499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo63399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo422859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo422854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo422853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo491953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo40719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo276639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo281584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo337000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo337001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo281580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo281582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo493884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo492759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo492756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo382732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo305436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo302421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo124015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo208854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo491480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo63021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo496454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo496457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Naohideales	Naohideaceae	Naohidea	Naohidea sebacea
denovo50620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo237950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo50627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo426102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Savoryellales	Savoryellaceae	Savoryella	Savoryella appendiculata
denovo389572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo57075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo57076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo57079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo231462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo173497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo21272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae
denovo350496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo350497	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo463410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo173498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo226492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo55883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo60614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo339365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo162633	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo339366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo162636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo261439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo425077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo59468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo221560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo491227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo491226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo491225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo338942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo491222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Ascochyta rabiei
denovo265535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo123544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo304745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo278097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pucciniales
denovo236609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo437942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo340712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo139011	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo340715	Fungi
denovo236602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo278098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo132795	Fungi
denovo26807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo400503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo384369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo56301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo467913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo468727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo468728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo363231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo228321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo174148	Fungi
denovo64297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo458450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo175439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo160883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo255229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo300116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia	Hyphodontia alutaria
denovo280199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo224558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo398926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo484350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo13155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo265392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo13159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo295645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo58337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo58335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo58334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales
denovo181214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo480115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo171538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo266847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo445488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo266840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo450376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo218091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo114328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo289057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo464120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo179092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo279879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo429363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo279871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo238076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo394308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo310522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo211943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo394303	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus	Glomus macrocarpum
denovo394301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo465519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo132243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo135214	Fungi
denovo385289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo135212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo339144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo388678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo27868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo352254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo326054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo204002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo326052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo485246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo81497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo355209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo289582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo16253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo440709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo176168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo335164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo415053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo225697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Ascochyta herbicola
denovo97940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo294116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo294112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo451682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo136548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo323163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo36207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo447954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo447952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
denovo39450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo489917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo447958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo115057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo186993	Fungi
denovo186997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo186994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo211361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo8242	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo8244	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo20071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Muriphaeosphaeria	Muriphaeosphaeria galatellae
denovo185947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo115588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo115580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula
denovo483161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo353124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo393942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo191044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Tremellaceae
denovo191045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo107720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo441077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo143569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo316695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo107729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo405028	Fungi
denovo226341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo292453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomidium gallecicum
denovo198192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo476063	Fungi
denovo290964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo494708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo224273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo158754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Beltraniaceae	Hemibeltrania
denovo214461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo185360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo185361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum nudipes
denovo112581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo112582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo292189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo5245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo94812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo5248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo192639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo51239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo476763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo9595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo313187	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo313186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Ramariopsis	Ramariopsis kunzei
denovo201130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo454137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo454131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo377877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Gibberella tricincta
denovo148524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Thelephoraceae
denovo148520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo377871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo206480	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo471238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo256223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo256224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo54044	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo70475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo296607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo82888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo393108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo112055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo112052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo25291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales	Endosporium	Endosporium
denovo432683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo9628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo106456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Roesleria	Roesleria_subterranea
denovo262956	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo201683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo201680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo106450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo106458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo116773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo214285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo104967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo104966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo104960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo159409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo473822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo159402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo159403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo106189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo106188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo188337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo317257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo193942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo140712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo317259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo239455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo140714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo378118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo431923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo320721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo44492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo25833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo44495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo407310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo72386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo146004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo4680	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo407316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo57530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo294933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo294936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo57536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo57537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo291377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo291376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo291375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo376473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo243253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo291370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo176956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo6261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo410816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Geoglossum
denovo95178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo444638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo300967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo180288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo445941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo53090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo180284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo4534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo167517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo411269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo243788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo261370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo475440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Incrucipulum	Incrucipulum radiatum
denovo83820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo360839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo105172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo219770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo219775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo79909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo74975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo471048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo269617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo79900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo269613	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo218829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo373563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo351195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo351196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo105374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo322767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo46381	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo6224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma victoriae
denovo7139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo454904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo398368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo389266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo389263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo7134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo320892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo234941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo457498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo303178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea compacta
denovo327048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo351226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo354615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo327045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo90214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia africana
denovo58929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo90211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo244942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo244941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo74885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo126661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo74882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo32979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo240255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo74889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo63697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo470670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo245093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo207423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo248067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo207427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo204199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo189858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo401004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo52050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo189853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo473329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo52054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo441911	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Aquamycetaceae	Aquamyces	Aquamyces chlorogonii
denovo120422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo138496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo114046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo114045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo114044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo114043	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo433385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo433388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo427258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo203215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo276038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo203210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo203218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo209473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo424503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo424508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo420617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo93749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo93748	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo43383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo150948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo49988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo49989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo150943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Microdochium colombiense
denovo150940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo93744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo352449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo104138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo333032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo104130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo128718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo68736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo241129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo293447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cyclaneusma	Cyclaneusma_niveum
denovo151092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo128712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo151090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales
denovo241123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo423648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Rhizoplaca	Lecanoraceae
denovo52125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo382242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo33311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia	Hyphodontia pallidula
denovo33317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo49677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Urnula	Urnula helvelloides
denovo49670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo239845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo372768	Fungi
denovo379516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo372763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo379512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo259747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo43966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo452150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo67815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo425676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo428287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo428283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo83303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo371079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo371078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo358458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo19553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Didymella applanata
denovo371070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo103355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo371077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo429776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo490513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo397463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo107444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo334267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales
denovo364105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo264933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo264935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo367451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium nidulum
denovo367453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo212688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo230536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo274300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula
denovo274306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo230533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo284964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo284961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo234442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecideales	Lecideaceae	Lecidea	Lecidea tessellata
denovo372185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo234448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo429486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Phaffomycetaceae	Wickerhamomyces	Wickerhamomyces canadensis
denovo82693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo30468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo237625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo113771	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo30462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo30465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo361689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo331302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo89184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo236971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo236974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo395274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo83128	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89188	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo271874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Coltricia
denovo32190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo403335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Peltigerales	Lobariaceae	Lobariella	Lobariella pallidocrenulata
denovo234190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo238824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo234199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo41524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Verticillium
denovo88581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula
denovo41521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo62944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo170939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo88584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo64734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo304377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo304375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo370855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo304370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo113082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo113083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo304379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo364814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo237080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo399567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Marchandiobasidium
denovo87515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo368302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo15890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo74146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo74147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo15897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo74145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo494983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo74149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo85407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo149581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo165875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo85402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo149586	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo464910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Clitocybe	Clitocybe dealbata
denovo464913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo339933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo496462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo229309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo229308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo392551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo345748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo23746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo450833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo437545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo437542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo285706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo285705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo285704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo39617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo21452	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo277026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo318872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo232905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo232904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo149053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo88754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta africana
denovo88752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo88753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo61765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo331282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo272316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo475167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo475164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo360521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo413925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo470530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo421526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo328957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo83532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo369948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo369946	Fungi
denovo266645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo335398	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo236026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo78319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo381494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo119709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo458311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo276778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo458317	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo276775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo190049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo190048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Comoclathris sedi
denovo436611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo144268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo97432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo172391	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo125242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo65717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo215111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo149112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo332020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo280863	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo51037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo51036	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo381720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo347249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Onygenales	Gymnoascaceae
denovo381725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Tremellales	Tremellales incertae sedis
denovo195830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo148725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo195832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo346594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo195837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo346597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo50787	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
denovo54204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo247147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo50783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo247144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo383650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo403703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo58551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo20468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo391973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo148652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo403701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo462245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Flagelloscypha	Flagelloscypha minutissima
denovo462241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo267511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo7302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo448924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo166017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo162779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo390756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo162774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo162775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo440055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo162771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo66806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo340744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo450948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo462883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo209736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo417354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo135438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo135437	Fungi
denovo417358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo279248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo388739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo279240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo350861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo279244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo36153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo165097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo214910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo153143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo334745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo334746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Anungitea	Anungitea_eucalyptorum
denovo278111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo153145	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo339111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo139191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo357486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo231348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo407028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo139196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo139197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo231340	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo96473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo231343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo385713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo264097	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo385711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo385710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo472885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo142559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Geminibasidiomycetes	Geminibasidiales	Geminibasidiaceae	Geminibasidium
denovo463590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera
denovo467034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo401138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo310228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo135272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo4339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo139226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo310220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo21248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo139222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo139223	Fungi
denovo252057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo252053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo294487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo412720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo10580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo294488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo455402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo455400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Bolbitiaceae
denovo419606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo91297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo350282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo350280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Sydowia	Sydowia polyspora
denovo479234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo416404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo60407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo60404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo412898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo481396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo12989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo301472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo301473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum benitoi
denovo412893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo261602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo261603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo178643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo178640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo288287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo169541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo226565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo170091	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs05
denovo226568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo485892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo485896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo212073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo262552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Unguicularia	Unguicularia carestiana
denovo212077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo212076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo390315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo190921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo390317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo390310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo190926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo81775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo81777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo351421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo351425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo117889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo193749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo217752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo100481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo477224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo137100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo197040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo197041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo17000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo169895	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo197044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo197045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo255584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo176100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo393469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo290333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo393462	Fungi
denovo56178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo42566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo386961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo348081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo307400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo469081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo298107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo464070	Fungi
denovo298104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo249134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo242307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo242302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo465307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo44816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo446924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo52690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo52691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo114289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo175609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo494791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo494792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo410499	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo456456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo76647	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo61015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo86200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Leucostoma persoonii
denovo450120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo365237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo198540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo352190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo216407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo482159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo318685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo248886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo16359	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces acuminatus
denovo16358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo130456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo318689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo28239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo28232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo399344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo28236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo156307	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo223001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo379608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo321939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo104483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo440519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
denovo298812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo440514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo6409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo84161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo493225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo312178	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo493222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Holtermanniales	Holtermanniella	Holtermanniella_takashimae
denovo312173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo84167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo204354	Fungi
denovo319487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo425049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo194829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo159304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo194822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo402265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo246373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo246371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo282134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo215184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo378914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo115624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo199631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo406948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo199638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo200459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo76122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo202423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo112937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo367178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo411678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo112930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo107687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo112932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo203599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo52843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo257342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo274146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo297760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo206857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo218254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo268372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo7756	Fungi
denovo206858	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo268378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo214583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo384682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo100307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo11517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo486700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo316089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo316085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo11518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo489977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo489975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo106220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo83321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Nidulariopsis	Nidulariopsis iowensis
denovo201495	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo201494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo201491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo239391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo314796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo239397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo441649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo151930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo181181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo181182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo239398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo314799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo181186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo151937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo52840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo214634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo25316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo316331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo19423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo81473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo40900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo471063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo179938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo358042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo324419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo328564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo442821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo314249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo70202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo324411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Celosporium
denovo283410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo446119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo296414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo41058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo41059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo68438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo68432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo443195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo273955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo427862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo336491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo89347	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo113711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo353720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo101944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo154437	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo153427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo101940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo101943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo68380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo79208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328008	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo269138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo68386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
denovo79202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo285544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo285547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo75717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo285541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo180637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo213069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo352949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo26663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo261992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Valsaceae
denovo26666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo80149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo21860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo395994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo72857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo355832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Calycina ellisii
denovo363153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo212336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo235934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo292884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo53536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo203532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces pyricola
denovo167499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo4473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo167494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo238516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo167491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo127074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo127075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo102413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo72850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo102411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo400556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo475764	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena ochrogaleata
denovo358956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo248741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo380031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo371658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium inflatipes
denovo72858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo83580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae
denovo371654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo371657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo371656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium fusiforme
denovo239637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo425477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo473427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo119546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo459206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo111710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo51002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo187063	Fungi
denovo491445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo63296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo260403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo458156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Extremus	Extremus antarcticus
denovo326037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo308482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo458155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo186331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo208665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo81239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo223258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo421361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo72879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo421360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo126504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo138869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo138868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo138863	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo32571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo322514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo322515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo322510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo341486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo276207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Diplogelasinospora	Diplogelasinospora grovesii
denovo38818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo77318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo358293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo473284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo383411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo236349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena amabilissima
denovo468033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo303705	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo461462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo236340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Kuehneromyces lignicola
denovo275952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo374681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo387565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo284415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo332555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo121022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo403905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo403904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo126034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo403908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo7900	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo304952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo174409	Fungi
denovo460992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo31678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo286159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo286158	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo453166	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Modicella	Modicella reniformis
denovo330954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo372685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo209533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo386547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo331364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo453169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo254087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo43023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo374979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo138284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo138281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo375085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo162204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae	Taphrina	Taphrina vestergrenii
denovo165257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo386548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo155731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo162203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo334180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo424717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Cephalosporium
denovo254552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo270123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo254555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo231587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo33297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo15664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo420002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo235698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo161956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Chaetosphaeria myriocarpa
denovo235697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo235694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo201822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo302072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pseudeurotiaceae
denovo33298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo489765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo381813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo381816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo490307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo87308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo361162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo361161	Fungi
denovo462992	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo33121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo33120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Magnaporthe	Magnaporthe oryzae
denovo33123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Erythrobasidiales	Cyrenella	Cyrenella_elegans
denovo33122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo67994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo33126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo478338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo335589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo198010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo56081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo37636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo427334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo120082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo371136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo371131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo340071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo340072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeria veronicae
denovo340077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Oculimacula
denovo377609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo99402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo164126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo264876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo264877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo452341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo452344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo309856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo309852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo466408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entolomataceae
denovo59819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia changbaiensis
denovo309858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo60176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo19326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo49189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo470109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo426872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo89220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo377606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo485701	Fungi
denovo32659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo485702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Helotiales	Geoglossaceae
denovo280241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo478148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo478147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo458135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo228777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo228775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo66928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russula versicolor
denovo234253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo454669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo434113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo75423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo470100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo391352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo191507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo222519	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo354928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo429922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo459946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo170871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo170872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo170873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo8486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo165663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo307634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo431697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo12472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo12470	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo431698	Fungi
denovo307639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo52906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Kurtzmanomyces nectairei
denovo430124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo52904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo430126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo85640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo306941	Fungi
denovo306948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo35569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo35568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo341844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales
denovo98359	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Endogonomycetes	Endogonales
denovo168925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo308815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo344190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo28036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo211516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo450457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo450454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo272192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo272196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo454342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo462671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo145475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina
denovo434802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo434800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo92501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo493027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo438319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo493023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo270976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo270977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo270979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo484895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo24006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Elaphomycetaceae	Elaphomyces	Elaphomyces papillatus
denovo484893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena polygramma
denovo24004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo484891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo392197	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo24009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo392191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales
denovo469947	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo63880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo39809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo1340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo415739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo266562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo74884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo319310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo363128	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo122018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo347032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula pruinosa
denovo188148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo342006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo478480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo347038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo302915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo448883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
denovo302911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium velox
denovo448887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo173885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo457104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo166194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo94876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo68246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo77992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo140568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo94877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo208340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo488986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo14951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo34387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo11352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo66105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo456850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo164972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo337438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo164975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo64609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo456859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo159142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo250884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron echinulatum
denovo51596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo84728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo152174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo168525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo195971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo154175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo386347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo172567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo97668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo214036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia
denovo332619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Trichometasphaeria
denovo492048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo492043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo75454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Stereocaulaceae	Lepraria	Stereocaulaceae
denovo349788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo91620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo147723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo253280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo256349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo58740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo396994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo396997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo394354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo396998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo44226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo49990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo56810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo467205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Plectania	Plectania melastoma
denovo76427	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo341063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo199875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo50243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo7341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo65931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo11826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo493930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo44595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo111958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo394739	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo44591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo225172	Fungi
denovo225173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo180031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo225176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo225177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma victoriae
denovo225174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo96534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Cerinosterus	Cerinosterus luteoalbus
denovo261103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo15303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo219307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo212137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo219303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo60235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo363311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo416618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo80303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo390290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo339703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo294565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo294564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo269484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Antennariella	Antennariella placitae
denovo294561	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo294569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo353481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo57143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo26311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo26316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo142497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo45178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo400874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo216302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo398731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Cudoniella	Cudoniella acicularis
denovo131609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo265156	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo232636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo248187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo216308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo248182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo390123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo287411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo407474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo388347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo466593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo252623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo213889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo213887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo282423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo495325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo419032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo175109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo487701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo186135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetidae	Teloschistales	Physciaceae
denovo297140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo410516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo284148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo410510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae
denovo228947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo451191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo362049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo52240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo249585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo141189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo400291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo489355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo202935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo202937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo202938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo170688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo71683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo77153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo182306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo340928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hubertusii
denovo259131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo263417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo283847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo263415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo315370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Asterodon	Asterodon ferruginosus
denovo362598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo451448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo323915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo391651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium marchalianum
denovo316513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo137732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo400120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae
denovo34446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo482582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo322067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo133609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo322063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo133600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo147004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo71681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo289293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo99630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo103145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo432773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo477295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo109166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo109164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo103149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo155376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo327743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo143854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo296230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo441540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo471061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo292925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo29994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo314854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo405515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Fontanospora fusiramosa
denovo326293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo55731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo55732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo168488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo290692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo318160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo318166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo128071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo142149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo352047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo98061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo401981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo372335	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo177412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo254710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo254716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo72506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo200394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo292695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo204839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo365062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo114744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo114745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Phialea
denovo258664	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo397552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo397550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo397554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo122660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo16148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo405077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo76320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo82799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo373271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo200640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo275421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo275423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
denovo275422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo435207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo102236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo156115	Fungi
denovo402188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo402184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo402185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo102239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo435208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo45955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo378896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo37432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo329261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo104694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo215027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo215026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo215025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo315725	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo315721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo136923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo87677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo345203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo192789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo210217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo192780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo2197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo188424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo178945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo313079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo178942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo178943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo256718	Fungi
denovo442169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo395755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo199409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo256712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Gloeocystidiellaceae	Gloeocystidiellum	Gloeocystidiellum kenyense
denovo442164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo192252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo407804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris spartii
denovo407805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo376362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo333472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo2449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo281437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lepiota farinolens
denovo205877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo342342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo445673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo333476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo429059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo214779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo449123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo218429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo330427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo120902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo330423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo330422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo443787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo75623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Alloconiothyrium	Alloconiothyrium aptrootii
denovo184217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo443782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo184214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo184219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo213740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo274486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo274487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo475354	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo494365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo104425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo274489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo358360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Sordariomycetidae	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
denovo328243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Beauveria
denovo336863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo99397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo328248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo324590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo283032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo446098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo446099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo431450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo446095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo387698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Dacryopinax	Dacryopinax spathularia
denovo387699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo437113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo362172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo286773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo387691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo362173	Fungi
denovo331488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo286776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Comoclathris sedi
denovo233226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo202096	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo202097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Tolypocladium	Tolypocladium inflatum
denovo309385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_finlandica
denovo3713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo444780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo294991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo328792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo451351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo364544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo328794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Nidulariopsis	Nidulariopsis iowensis
denovo200217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo273287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo324627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo87165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo81183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo242943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia
denovo65614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo180776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo65617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo65612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo59982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo62049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo336288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo381599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Tulostoma	Tulostoma xerophilum
denovo219464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo336281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo308382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo308381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo474409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo273138	Fungi
denovo308385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo82261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo68198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo117627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo117625	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo81917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo459433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Ostropales	Stictidaceae
denovo243237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo459434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo267769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo111502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo343319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo287825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo336132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo343310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo343312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo287828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo232577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo282855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo380176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo73598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo73599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo167289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo276502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo73597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo359103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo122256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber	Tuberaceae
denovo122253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo285081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo402979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo323079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo402976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo323071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo35812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo322309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo121788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo329530	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo413576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo32840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo333508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo208588	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo470962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo281504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo308524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo208580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo308520	Fungi
denovo432898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo167133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo167138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo34148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo373452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo181537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo166429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo124099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo173764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo472524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo408949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo82249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Flagelloscypha	Marasmiaceae
denovo129066	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo375122	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo207808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo260231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo375128	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo38995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo38997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo351415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo162502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo89855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo424030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo425346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo221874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo350412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo18123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo350411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo205408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo338672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo496184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo458474	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo221879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo338677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo439228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo432237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo432236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo14819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo351417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo451313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo20813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo278365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo20817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo334572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo303512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrophorus	Hygrophorus inocybiformis
denovo479718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo231172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Ampulloclitocybe	Ampulloclitocybe avellaneialba
denovo126207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo230225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo428045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo467448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo341260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo230228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo341266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellaceae	Stigmina	Stigmina carpophila
denovo34857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo233049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo191010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo134655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo424698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo345945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo125571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea gamma
denovo125570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo424692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo462543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo424697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo424694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo125578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo10311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo10313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo15147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo10314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo161853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo10318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo155972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo60033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo153148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Cordycipitaceae
denovo422692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Mycochaetophora	Mycochaetophora_gentianae
denovo422693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo422695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo422696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo118841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo220473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo220474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo424967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo89207	Fungi
denovo93111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo264440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo420276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo366817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo235086	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo235084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia cryptophialidica
denovo335628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo265312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo14365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo14367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo367625	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo14362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo64203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo390721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo265318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycocentrospora	Mycocentrospora acerina
denovo390723	Fungi
denovo14368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo64209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo87538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo340133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo87535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo428641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo87537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo237799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo394437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo495529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo417985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo452064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo452065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo76639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo467999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Phlebia	Phlebia centrifuga
denovo197633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo331819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes
denovo331818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium rubrigenum
denovo287018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo467996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo467997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo39507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo434301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo434300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo431155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo277330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo431151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo440037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo133773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo385205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo337931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo301824	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Limacella	Limacella delicata
denovo406603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo494163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo290956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo170440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo158729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo300191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo436704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma terrea
denovo12209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo32679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo171315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo211496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo171318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo171319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo211491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo61070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo218542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo391091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Melanosporales	Ceratostomataceae
denovo356991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo22313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo61078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo36281	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo375977	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella exigua
denovo18468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo133444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo296847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo439768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo449686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo22500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo485138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo22502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo133449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo191332	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo320380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Hypocreales
denovo222724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo423692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo226033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo311250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo311257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo11286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo24904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo94444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo489849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo20929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo94275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo94272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo304240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo189410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum
denovo28591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo28592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo7968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo185499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo404913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo7967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo327677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo404917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Hyalorbilia	Hyalorbilia fusispora
denovo189172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo316617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Phyllotopsis nidulans
denovo316614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo489749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo397830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo198111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo198115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo15965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo15964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo15966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo165949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo387067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo179705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo165944	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo165945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo456953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo172150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo112504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo493692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo411859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo267208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo95938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo392010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo355821	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo16439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo448450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo21745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo448458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo69322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo69323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo321500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo321507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo66310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo141515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo66313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo170855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo82808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo246708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo246709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo246706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae
denovo246702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo29249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo464416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo130366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo140240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella
denovo227075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo227074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo227076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria aconiti
denovo195540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo55643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo34469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo340900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo38768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula
denovo38769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo195549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo50891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo353992	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo146370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo53116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo159488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo289994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo376162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo376163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo376161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo342215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo376165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo51415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo353996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena alba
denovo6771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo239408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo55971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo378123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo224188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo140799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo224180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo224182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
denovo449327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
denovo474761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo449321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo474760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea
denovo449329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Flaviporus	Flaviporus brownii
denovo443541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo363806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo41490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo443544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria
denovo443548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo67045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo67044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo487883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo487886	Fungi
denovo91986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo169467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo169466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo147685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo247075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo480351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo181556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo396817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo391842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala atra
denovo283179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo391845	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Umbelopsidomycetes	Umbelopsidales	Umbelopsidaceae	Umbelopsis	Umbelopsidaceae
denovo264169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo155953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo155950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Naevala
denovo155951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo264160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo264167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum anthrisci
denovo155959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo453460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo468191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo226857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo41212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo325999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo141688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo377693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo406662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo377697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo212584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo27746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo27748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo27749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo179569	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo238761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo131102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo238763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo296866	Fungi
denovo44416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo440450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo407394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo407395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo184453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo146087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo233796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo197572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo244675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo197574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo468442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo92988	Fungi
denovo46300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo46303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo240700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo258848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Roseodiscus	Roseodiscus subcarneus
denovo159882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo377347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo116997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo470564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo253748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo253749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo248571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo180200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo180208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo202875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo427128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo255749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo258590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo255747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo74804	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo140543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo232777	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo175310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo418794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo480820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo186581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo407538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo186584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo341860	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo136345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo192906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo359341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo407531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo407532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo136343	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo102860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo90169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo79989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo323271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo142130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo98358	Fungi
denovo132452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo277927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo277924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo397681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus curtus
denovo138411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo329333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo433303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo398501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo433306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo277929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo248397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo405799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo469711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo363505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo242637	Fungi
denovo90298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo242633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo388139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo262660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo291847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Conocybe semiglobata
denovo243947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo302627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo355127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo355120	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo194085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo302629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo445059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo445058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo410305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo53900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo362656	Fungi
denovo362651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo260957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo81647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo323897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo362659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo259079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo251246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo441997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Microstromatales
denovo441998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo446288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo66710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo71973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo434796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo278341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraphoma fimeti
denovo371349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo371348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo371342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo371340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo102844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes
denovo242099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo107990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo351800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo351807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo446280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo17422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo332923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo479044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo105843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo105845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo252888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo434447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo104712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo128130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo128131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo353408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo473902	Fungi
denovo48364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo312260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo82343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo82344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dialonectria	Dialonectria ullevolea
denovo30759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo30758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo296009	Fungi
denovo46483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo159816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo402573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo43479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo405702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo402577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo452997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo198655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo346960	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo32442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo408630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo32449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo247917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo195066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo247912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo372107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Flagelloscypha	Marasmiaceae
denovo477731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo200561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo200563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo275386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo156094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo156095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo373851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo373857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo448150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo471775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo471774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Stephanosporaceae	Cristinia	Cristinia helvetica
denovo442332	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo364725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo334802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo275656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo275651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo368654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Sporidiobolales
denovo368650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo402393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo402391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo106710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo487147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo436793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo106715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo487143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoromycetidae	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae
denovo287250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Strophariaceae	Deconica
denovo395825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo84428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo352486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo284780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo69891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo64375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo431790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo281361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo409947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo227530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo22384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo409943	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo368380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo79514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo127373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo127371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo287789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo161389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo331380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo331387	Fungi
denovo287782	Fungi
denovo325032	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo282550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo282554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo445734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo297873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo239153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo64041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo445730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Bryochiton	Bryochiton monascus
denovo238209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo464995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo415213	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo238202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo238203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo281096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo65797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo438162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo259852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo443067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo33471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo33470	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo88492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo88491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo181616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo366762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo411189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo118784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo266313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma tephrensis
denovo331528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo335863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo425956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo126429	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo399472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo435085	Fungi
denovo328456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo85485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo366490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo343875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo149506	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo93589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo110068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo110061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo110060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo344478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo2909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Coccomyces	Coccomyces australis
denovo230856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo381416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo388151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo381410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo35139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo160529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum virgineum
denovo306961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo35137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo23598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo388155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo470028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo470029	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Claroideoglomus claroideum
denovo2907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo303238	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo303239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus collinsoniae
denovo303236	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo303237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae
denovo172311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo461472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo461475	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo172316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Hapalopilaceae
denovo374197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo374193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo134462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo420414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo28190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis
denovo118256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo118252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo207304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo118251	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo209222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo119127	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo204657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo459662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo459661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo111339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo466298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo138998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo138994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo235515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo235514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo6217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo235511	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo69656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Kabatiella	Kabatiella bupleuri
denovo271547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo203152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo34268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo38563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria spectabilis
denovo440108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo270635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo270634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Gymnostellatospora	Gymnostellatospora canadensis
denovo176669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Xylomyces
denovo385464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholomataceae
denovo492413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo385460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo385463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo270638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo466122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo53921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo346519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo208798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo237855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo337296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Ruineniaceae	Ruinenia	Ruinenia clavata
denovo380451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo409114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
denovo380456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo50700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo460073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo409119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo380458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo438985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo455958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo47145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo385791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Laburnicola	Laburnicola dactylidis
denovo67685	Fungi
denovo67684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo93580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo67686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo375718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo440106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo375714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo375711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Agaricus	Agaricaceae
denovo463516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo278446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo66886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo241143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo452459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo164635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo10503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo455483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo455482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo264769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo259236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo59703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo425135	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo338820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo91219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo60486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo484571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo123460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo339196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo339192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo284764	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo236729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo236728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo94797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo236721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo197775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo311860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo468608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo197772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo288206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothioraceae	Dothiora	Dothiora cannabinae
denovo400425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo393758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo62785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo56462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo386472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo228241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo174069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo376212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo228249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo464567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo417539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma aeria
denovo417535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo301165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo417533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo255508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo137183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo170767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo452562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora
denovo494245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo295122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo51605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo58077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo88262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo81810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo12904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo481317	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo481315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo484140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo217428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo481311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo132690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo481319	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo300787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo114202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo300781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo69318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo488708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo190746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo464388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo55563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo464385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo139809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo310402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo225249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo327203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo229594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Gs37	Gs37
denovo305099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo391440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo327206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo135312	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo229599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo95460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo135317	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo392937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo326153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo350598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora pseudovitensis
denovo93105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo223377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Eurotiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Eurotiomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo223375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo397729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo317836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo392939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo190293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo101124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo101122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo145369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo307780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo434537	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo293600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo225796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo394192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Gorgomyces	Gorgomyces honrubiae
denovo229629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo388440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo248058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo36320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_glaucum
denovo183428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo305326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo465389	Fungi
denovo39315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo176334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo1455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo298896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo1451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola
denovo307252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo440594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo440592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo211289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo115155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Holtermanniella	Holtermanniella_takashimae
denovo451837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo211285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo73	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo74	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo12017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
denovo278202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo17620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo432099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo378998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo224682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Pterulaceae	Aphanobasidium	Aphanobasidium pseudotsugae
denovo92272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Botrytis	Botrytis porri
denovo404895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo404893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo92237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo191162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo143401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo191166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo222975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo17994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo341979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo24719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo35677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria
denovo223087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo38048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo398983	Fungi
denovo224537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312714	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo312713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo377695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo189708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo214507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo214506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo214505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo137404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo316005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo316004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo251995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo56598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo441249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo159387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo357896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo357894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo405270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Phaffomycetaceae	Cyberlindnera	Cyberlindnera jadinii
denovo244293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo70539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo84212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo70532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo442534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo185136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo25395	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo112311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo185139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella
denovo350043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces puniceus
denovo9709	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo392837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo142751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo484964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo84218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo69519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo27448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo279458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo201767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo94038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo69510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo69517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo154929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo256072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo206236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo393045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo87367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo273419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo398015	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
denovo159526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo159524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo97207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo159522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo180505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo159520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo217853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo487434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo217858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo188072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo188071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo314717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo491802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo363880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo238041	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo431807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo238043	Fungi
denovo25975	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo363964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo320448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo218660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Raffaelea	Raffaelea rapaneae
denovo146129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo99404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo6109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo288945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo317068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo348463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo353466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo349545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo6104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo40981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo40984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo44601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo426156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo23526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo412206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo291146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo183856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo183859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo187574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo460561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo219634	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo131806	Fungi
denovo219639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo218946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo131804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo426484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo437763	Fungi
denovo157350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo202442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo202445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo202444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo430070	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo62491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo27537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Alternaria iridiaustralis
denovo216811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo398206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo216815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo7273	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo48975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo362285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo351300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo303035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo354150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo347017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo105140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo49690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo322596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo46115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo219098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo427686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo427687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo80490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo363481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo53209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
denovo177817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
denovo411160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo53205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo186629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo249475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo52158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo52155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo303789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo365885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo368876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo427359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora	Acarosporaceae
denovo277881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo455814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo363731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo80724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo280031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo363738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia tetramera
denovo395243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo302815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo66774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo318431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo251033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo393593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo251038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo195040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo490532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo365773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Extremus	Extremus antarcticus
denovo150828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo365771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo78843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo86760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo93660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum marginatum
denovo302780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo352650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo195043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo302785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo129183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo138209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo77393	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo282378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae
denovo47647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo154114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo359685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo151194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo473209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo151193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo31362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo401165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe reducta
denovo401167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo359688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo231502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo231501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo49730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo194273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo235616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo163886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo120375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo585	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Tilletiales	Tilletiaceae	Tilletia	Tilletia puccinelliae
denovo588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo120378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia perforans
denovo66786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Coniolariella	Coniolariella ershadii
denovo372603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo128588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo401295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo67911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo476367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo188914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo7851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo405136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo405135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo21434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo108999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo19455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo276822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo276829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo283426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo283420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo251850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo369087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo76449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo379383	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo379380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo155243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo76445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo379388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo257068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo303494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo201206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo221155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo257066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo230676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo358245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella	Gyoerffyella entomobryoides
denovo358244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo495974	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo49841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo87384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo406396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo261115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo87388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo360613	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo287423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo287428	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Cunninghamellaceae	Absidia
denovo431403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo239052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo244323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo381186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo383978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo381184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae
denovo442271	Fungi
denovo442272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo162820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo162822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo431340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo431341	Fungi
denovo258209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectria ramulariae
denovo258202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo341086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo123056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo57461	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo352972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo256334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo341082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo87962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo377170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo368024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo368025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo111903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo75138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo366519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo336996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo45089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo434736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo113210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo85520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo434732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo308890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo281112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo464819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo79728	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo23025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo487028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo493521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo79725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo329937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo329936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo430433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo430430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo422347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo436775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo1615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo436778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo436779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum asiaticum
denovo343624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo460666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo460665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo460669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo65183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo415408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Hirsutella	Hirsutella haptospora
denovo438390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo36655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo309142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo309143	Fungi
denovo309140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita
denovo63807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Polyscytalum pustulans
denovo470270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo209444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo308234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo34650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo110745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Podospora araneosa
denovo369865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo236149	Fungi
denovo236147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo236143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo29706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora multipilosa
denovo39559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo342685	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces pseudodichotomus
denovo39552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo39554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo22862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo207533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo22861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo22866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo22867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo134220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo134223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholomataceae
denovo461531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo172291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectria ramulariae
denovo24088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo89526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo24081	Fungi
denovo67783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo466620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo35308	Fungi
denovo277698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe columnaris
denovo478447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo413802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo93671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum abnorme
denovo276120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo439930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo8892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo454086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo493976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo278874	Fungi
denovo485070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo414463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo429631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo448563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo267655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Podospora
denovo300845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo267656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo121544	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo121543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo166118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo392880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo51660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo448806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo16807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo16804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus	Hymenoscyphus repandus
denovo16803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo279693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo279691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo174926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo190108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis agropyri
denovo50132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo50139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo453200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo453207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo424180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo392889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo272808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo135576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo215925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo338160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo338161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo215928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo168182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo168187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo427843	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo333045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo299885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo270402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo424453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo220364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo223948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo220367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo220368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo220369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella avenacea
denovo385614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo231264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo294879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo173654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo173657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo392361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo264355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo15380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo124709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Geopora
denovo349700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo21079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo96478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo15388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae	Physalospora	Physalospora vaccinii
denovo124701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo148998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo333124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo341570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo120633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo120631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo346706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula calyciformis
denovo339787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo196615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo196616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo339784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo464487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo237021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo82393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo136176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo339789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo339788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo68697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo301085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo462652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo452555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo142341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo9858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo142345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo495017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo166808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo416569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo338789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense
denovo467281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo338786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo467283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo416563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo463706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo181925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo307869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo307868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo181929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo301332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo301335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo261727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo213804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo261721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo391681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo193397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo424884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo261728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo18546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo391683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia
denovo91006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo226405	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo341397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo91008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo384564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo18549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo265403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma strigosissimum
denovo14477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo393097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo393094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo3937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo390212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo134767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo390215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo390216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo81036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Splanchnonema	Splanchnonema_pupula
denovo49506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo261899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo329408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrella calcarea
denovo117969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo217657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo217654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo261893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo132080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo137224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Kondoa	Kondoa yuccicola
denovo141105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo141101	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo288434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo288439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo141108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo467821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo272663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo56234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo393548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria	Vibrisseaceae
denovo277170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo133933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo27047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Gs33
denovo295080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo295082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo393545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Cladosporium delicatulum
denovo389612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo131687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo306739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo306730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo249276	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo327430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Rhodotorula
denovo249274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo396685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo37832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo396689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo316594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo441893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo495906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Lindtneria
denovo316590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_commune
denovo183380	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo255313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo300061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo300065	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo290560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo133681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo318251	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo318252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo418341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo94788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo418344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo53777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo410594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo16192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo53771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo12731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo399794	Fungi
denovo263766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo263762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo365575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo365577	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo62816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo216529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo216528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo216526	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo216525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo216523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo179380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo216521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo182388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo483904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo456664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo182387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo130798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo182384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo394010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo464753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo49535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo340832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo450799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera
denovo49531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Periconia	Periconia homothallica
denovo223123	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo1558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo448345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo352326	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo352325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo352329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo448348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo321878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo298919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo440417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo294020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo312034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo477213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo434870	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo477211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo36515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo198284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo405331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo49287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo467313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo291761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo378811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo182527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo447828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo186865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo378818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo177510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo195253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo406826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo406828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo54864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo54863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo319611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo455318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo177492	Fungi
denovo177490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo76603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo112875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo201040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo51308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo257260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo71053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo257266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo71050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo445549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo457222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita
denovo321295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo43954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo321292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo253946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo11413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo312691	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo210160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo52451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae
denovo100020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo82712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo354088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo107038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo95434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo51528	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo274777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo83047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo428983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo239298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo239297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo352866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo268148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo443521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae
denovo295861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo51526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo486998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo189516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo189515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo189513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo189511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo210294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo316272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo316273	Fungi
denovo192705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo411965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo411960	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo411962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo447850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo471309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo370957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo47875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo256133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo181759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo324512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo147448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo493439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo296511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo379855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo296515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo196931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo361989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo196933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo443251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo370483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo444709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo68039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo19740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo153543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo421734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo444023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium halotolerans
denovo117512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo79121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo331775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo106075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo26580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo26582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo232867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo366061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo113981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo212479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo212478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo113985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo336208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiales
denovo238651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo238658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo407223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo285372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo285373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo285370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo81996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo33822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo285379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma linderae
denovo217638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo6313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo309306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo81055	Fungi
denovo190838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo190839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo99860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo289805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae
denovo248665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo426338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo99869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo167204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo4224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo110185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo359187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo127623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo426724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena speirea
denovo373362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo426728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo243675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo251573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo74579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo89964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo78294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo78293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo76633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo421978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo208504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo378486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo76631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo421974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo208508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo245788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo332786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Myriangiales	Elsinoaceae
denovo362366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo362361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo477976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_commune
denovo468859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo233406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo204426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo244781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo119379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo150168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo277453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo111588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo358854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo466420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo193440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo328955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo6613	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo271112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo207886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo271117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo359727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo383751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo234832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo367859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo351538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo423235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo423239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo84823	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo387446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo488938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo175192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo121702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo290009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo322383	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo322381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo290000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo240321	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales	Chytridiaceae	Phlyctochytrium	Phlyctochytrium reinboldtiae
denovo129575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo31531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo151781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo128623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo128628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo31539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo204284	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Archaeosporales	Archaeospora trappei
denovo54130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo286055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo286052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo204280	Fungi
denovo286050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo242257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo242258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo126285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo398712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo126283	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo433494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo393523	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo383822	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella hyalina
denovo133994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo458740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo256908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo162327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo165110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo165115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo480001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo200056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo200051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo379465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo220162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo254211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo382088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo72060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo156783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo254218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo435896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo156784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo433729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo428518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo433720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo205485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo224448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo154328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo333323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo491736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo104003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo154320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo154324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo87023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo339540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoromycetidae	Lecanorales
denovo361047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo339542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo361042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo299575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Selenophoma	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo451085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo315965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo122940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo231719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo235005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo302243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo235001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo85884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo274893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo366899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo40495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo40493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo371279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo478848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria aconiti
denovo286947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo286948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo417903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo164240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo164241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo257744	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo257746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo257747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo124626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo221692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo463276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo40723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo40725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo421490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo489274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo421498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo422616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum	Microbotryaceae
denovo422617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo344451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo161140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo233116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo405305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo84727	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo305197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo382461	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo221343	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs04
denovo84599	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo46884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo274231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo381063	Fungi
denovo32755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo421140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo32757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo316574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo408786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo346858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo408784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo64283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo429395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo464139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo464138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo237718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo369549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo237717	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo46881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo237712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo233878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo95817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo95816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo367076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo311124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo367074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo233870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo233871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo367070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo300664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo300665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo91265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo239263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo408250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo304572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo478292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo22589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo22588	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149874	Fungi
denovo41458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo434383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo434385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo434386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo12536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo41452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo430601	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo441703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae	Phialemonium	Phialemonium inflatum
denovo120274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariomycetidae	Podospora
denovo430605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo430606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo430607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo27632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium colombiense
denovo384156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo221660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo478076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo58952	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo211414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Typhulaceae	Pistillaria	Pistillaria petasitis
denovo68708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia diffluens
denovo12289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo23187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo295836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo284424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo454424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo477277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo343989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo454421	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo366305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo343987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Drechslera	Pleosporaceae
denovo343982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo339844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo145731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo145730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo236851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo118544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo493340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo33588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo493347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo33583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo493348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo438059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Paxillaceae	Paxillus	Paxillaceae
denovo388815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo459173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo142968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267286	Fungi
denovo267284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo272302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo142965	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo436526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo149126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo390826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo196352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo414018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo61613	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia bhutanensis
denovo266483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo61615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales
denovo238878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo185417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo185414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo122114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo67511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo462471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo122119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo188622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo188620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo188621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo260881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo457022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo457020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo340985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo208266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo260888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo208260	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo50817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo109988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo66060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo66065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria tellustris
denovo244740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo9490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo62997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo108054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo459181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo365593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo458228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo250967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo279087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo279083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo166304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo163151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo215886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo38498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo260772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo356511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
denovo393320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo393323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo271651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo493830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo9499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo247786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo278934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo11160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo9498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo306154	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo306155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo172483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo137857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo159777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo137852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo137850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo492121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo332150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo350916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Tyromyces	Tyromyces leucospongia
denovo91900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo152782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo350912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo406370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiella	Mrakiella_aquatica
denovo152789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo174885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo60846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Phaeoclavulina	Phaeoclavulina curta
denovo50428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo179870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo143774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo405539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo386570	Fungi
denovo60845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo342299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Phaffomycetaceae	Cyberlindnera	Cyberlindnera japonica
denovo9334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo470590	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo9339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo181889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo467322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo346138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo346139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Epicoccum nigrum
denovo3557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo181887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporomycetidae	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae
denovo181886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo131188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo7424	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo165652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo7429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo174779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo165656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo168229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo165654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo58176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo460836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo357649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo182325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo394676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo70337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo264253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodospora
denovo212277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo60576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo80225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo116911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo212278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo177950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo214826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Tremellaceae
denovo66576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo269569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo385006	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo385003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo484253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo385000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo392533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo392532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo197861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo141603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo372235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo468111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo325915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo265612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo177432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes
denovo176103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo140953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo464674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae
denovo395072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo395075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo395074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo177436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo68668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo178089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo178088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo419778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo313958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo455534	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo354349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo462222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo170250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo463131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo416712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo411566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo298035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo248314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Stereopsidales	Stereopsidaceae	Stereopsis	Stereopsis radicans
denovo248313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo190587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo469792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo245549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo190588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo180822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo451095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Morosphaeriaceae	Clypeoloculus	Clypeoloculus microsporus
denovo252471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo252470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo489095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo489094	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo489096	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo489093	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo489092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo489098	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo86057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo75608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo410387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo268769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo263518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo399188	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo451324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales
denovo451323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo451320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo191985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo391758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo323813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena stipata
denovo391752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo481779	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo95593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo288663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo489547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo489549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo51816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo94423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo355435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo322142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo352425	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo162655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo289390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo93438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo398588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo355439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo103021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo109044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo97990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo97996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo353777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo48059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo109042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo28304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo28307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo48054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo399238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Splanchnonema	Splanchnonema_pupula
denovo48051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo191673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales
denovo242013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo327661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo155432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo191675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo155436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo107918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo242019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo175911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo175913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo175916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo403215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo326395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo295540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae
denovo42181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo290796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo55670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo179026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo1967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo378130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo480090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo1960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo379265	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo379266	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo379267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo477402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Leptoxyphium	Leptoxyphium madagascariense
denovo401660	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo189239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo200297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo254451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo185991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo401669	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo159898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo450059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo292790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo450056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Macrodiplodiopsis	Macrodiplodiopsis_desmazieri
denovo159891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo292797	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo86334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo405780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo34282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo315039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo114665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo51809	Fungi
denovo250511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo250512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo51805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo352289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo104244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo407404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo483736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo483737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo483734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo115393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo395329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo76014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo254980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo254986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo136411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo156011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo326539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo326535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo102379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo447986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo397346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo388917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha
denovo322858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo104793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo136848	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo315443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo353483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo158140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo102089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo98961	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo486816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo292135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo218781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo292137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora araneosa
denovo402317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo194914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo402315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo194911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo178868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo257186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo291530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula flavovirens
denovo282626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo257182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo257183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo291537	Fungi
denovo37266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo297565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo115538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo37263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo37260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo115537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo115531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo132521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo41516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo94095	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae	Rhizoctonia	Rhizoctonia fusispora
denovo442001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae
denovo442004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo443357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo161301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo407929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo385440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo443358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo2325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo161306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo376203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo376205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo201652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo376208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo37739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo105688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo206923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo429150	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo355942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo361536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo429159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo252802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo367270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo213662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Resupinatus	Resupinatus poriaeformis
denovo106133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo94775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo239489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo157054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema eburnoides
denovo218679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo181695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo328362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo80968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo80967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Conocybe fuscimarginata
denovo496539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo284705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo284706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo214125	Fungi
denovo79200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo214120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo431716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo41290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber	Tuber pseudoexcavatum
denovo25262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula calyciformis
denovo344743	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo460718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces caricis
denovo344746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon ericaeum
denovo239730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo78647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo471113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo3056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo320288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo283287	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
denovo283280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo320280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo70114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo324702	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo320286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo154055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo65710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema	Sistotrema
denovo44110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo238284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo184319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo184313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo244338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo62722	Fungi
denovo309510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo244336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Neofabraea	Neofabraea vagabunda
denovo50724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo55123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo32343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo420945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo474563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo117999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo273072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo429843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo429844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo429846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo273077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo273078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo154503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo47723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo118704	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo102569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo68096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo180121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo426398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo110573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo75894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo180128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo269004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo111622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo111628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo420496	Fungi
denovo61710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo345168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo336073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo150087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cercophora	Cercophora samala
denovo474697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo474696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo207381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo207383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo73492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo156861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo229965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo323735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo323736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo433029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo138916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo322468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo235599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo65950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo302891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo413432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo235596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo302895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo433026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo281628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo308641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo432997	Fungi
denovo495761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo178969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo374117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo63189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo124192	Fungi
denovo378674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo378675	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica xeroderma
denovo408869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo378677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo63187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo260573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo120867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo208712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo208719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo421726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo369360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo423370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo369369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo178967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo375655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo129352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo89959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales
denovo43984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo375790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo375792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo166678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Candida
denovo205529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo488944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo55783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo234646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo432373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo283910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo234643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo432374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo432375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo286399	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo334439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo492495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo416255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo231031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo479610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo347467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo126320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
denovo34959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo346335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo384734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo341102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo341103	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo4279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo174574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo134119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo304821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo401508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo437824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo304828	Fungi
denovo134110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo128479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo387186	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo345829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo345828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo30255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo30253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo462464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo67601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo472395	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo4956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo15067	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo15068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo370313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo43339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Polyscytalum	Polyscytalum pustulans
denovo370310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo404189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo440857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo453580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo460898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo266676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo382298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo343836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo382292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Didymella urticicola
denovo420132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo335740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo274916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo117381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo460899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo351681	Fungi	Aphelidiomycota	Aphelidiomycetes	Gs16
denovo364200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo310155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo364203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo237695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo139732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo310150	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo466880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo139738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo57827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo231963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo33639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo452189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
denovo135643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo21955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo376346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo287113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo426672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo235277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo235279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo37701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo434021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo237526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo237527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo237525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo237522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo469559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo394263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo139886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Melanommataceae	Seifertia	Seifertia azaleae
denovo385126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella
denovo385127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo495771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo264981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo305017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo495774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo452232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo465659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo135399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo305018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo305019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo59961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo19032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo265051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo421261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo421262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo129864	Fungi
denovo410140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo440665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo460176	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo440667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo463681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo455630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo52601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo461883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo491167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Bryochiton	Bryochiton monascus
denovo166022	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo89139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo485672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo133565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo133562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo133561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo390848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo74543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Monticola	Monticola elongata
denovo211207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo28140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo12094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo12095	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo222605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo222607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo222606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo191471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo20331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo437596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo20334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo20335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae
denovo226775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo18633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo260631	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sarnyensis
denovo18634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo226772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo24828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo488172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo149628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo494426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Amphinema	Amphinema byssoides
denovo149620	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo171057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Galerina stylifera
denovo149626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo23447	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo52878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo28493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo28492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo143483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo189031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo461221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo116263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo441139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo24796	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo182776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo168856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo182775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo483537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo177064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo177063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo177061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo251917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo177068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Magnaporthe	Magnaporthe oryzae
denovo66292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo66295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo397715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo448712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo448718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo145506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo158309	Fungi
denovo321422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo214979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Melanosporales	Ceratostomataceae
denovo321427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo270801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo483289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo344138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo112393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo225951	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo391210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo414661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo436318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Kondoa malvinella
denovo10934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo10939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Holocotylon brandegeeanum
denovo164383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo188782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo436311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo217402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo69591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo69590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo84349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo215450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo1234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo430918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo335457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo8780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo8781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora dichanthii
denovo8783	Fungi
denovo57966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo347145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo57969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo2522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo376040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo198900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo198901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo173367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo317350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella	Zopfiella lundqvistii
denovo141352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo130130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo305834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo59107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo356499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo56442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo356496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo148284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo356491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo356492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Humicola grisea
denovo59108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo449042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo164800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo412176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo412177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo412179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo166539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo350897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo338273	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo410991	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo181453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum asiaticum
denovo356723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo356725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo25461	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycota_incertae_sedis	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae
denovo20497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo210668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo264045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo336841	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo261033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo213310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo349090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo325890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo213318	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo91712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo350761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo91716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo147839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo377794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo147835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Arxiella	Arxiella dolichandrae
denovo389346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo369676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo54700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo247243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo143109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Mollisia
denovo143107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Dactylonectria estremocensis
denovo143104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo143100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo143101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo462140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Coniosporium	Coniosporium apollinis
denovo45087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo151202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo467518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo400901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo244531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo244530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo349324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaeta
denovo372386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe borealis
denovo383705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo56701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo116898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo411484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo240623	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
denovo98706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo411489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella chenopodii
denovo391927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo216894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo324273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo168076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo253664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo98705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo44687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo44685	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo412289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo312351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo83234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo412280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Gymnostellatospora	Gymnostellatospora canadensis
denovo252391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo391922	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae
denovo36951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo170045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo411738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo41135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo74927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo74920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo427605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo80410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo363403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo219014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo219015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Beverwykella	Beverwykella pulmonaria
denovo418853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo42685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo418856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo53286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo153241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo460888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo465169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo101366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo101367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo101368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo101369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hemimycena pseudolactea
denovo53289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo484264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo323138	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo392708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo117276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo217146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo392700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo392702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycocentrospora
denovo142270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo277800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma chytrophilum
denovo232129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo216237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo216236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo154629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo190466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo445100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo182892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo469055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo390636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo324858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo241577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo241570	Fungi
denovo359578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo475902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo495431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo495436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo475907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo433591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo355604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo94674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo302706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo355609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo468990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Acremonium	Acremonium	Acremonium spinosum
denovo298200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo292668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo440308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo355961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo117854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo268680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo443961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo365809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo169847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo365807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo378306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo378300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Isaria	Isaria farinosa
denovo378302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo182238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo6869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo176075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo182230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo54789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo151660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo263309	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo218053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia rhabdospora
denovo259621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo351965	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo48795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo155572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo90974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo346896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo17305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo17304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Kabatiella	Kabatiella bupleuri
denovo22194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo92576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo377430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo464918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo54781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo321988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Fenestellaceae	Fenestella	Fenestella ostryae
denovo446806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo418612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo77571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo92533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo353524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo48246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo48242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo296125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo82221	Fungi
denovo30017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo30011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo159910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo246928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo314927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo402438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo472159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo195140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo456384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo477674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo477678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo112987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylellina	Dactylellina robusta
denovo72437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo453333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo68202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo205059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo188990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo250700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo448050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo68205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Veronaea	Veronaea japonica
denovo429299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo256626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo400414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo429296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo87470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo200737	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo238982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo238985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo238984	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo41647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo364449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo368756	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo258281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo435335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo360566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo402296	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo291471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo243152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo402295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo201286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo152928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo152924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo481337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo330519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo330518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo206776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo210508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo210506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo210502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Stylonectria	Stylonectria norvegica
denovo111989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo31870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo31872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo79414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo111981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo360699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo360698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo83688	Fungi
denovo472849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo257395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo282452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo257390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo37091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo471638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Melastiza	Melastiza chateri
denovo445478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena amabilissima
denovo471633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo443581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo320322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo281194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo161519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo443140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo373047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo474469	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo274642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Gyoerffyella entomobryoides
denovo325660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo274641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeria
denovo157153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo448600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo181153	Fungi
denovo218731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo181151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Microstromatales
denovo266210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo184505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo331646	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo202255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo202256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo126545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo126540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo284119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo99083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo99081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo366591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe phaseolorum
denovo283327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo480206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo113297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo283322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo284117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo117138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo117139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo81865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo323670	Fungi
denovo144616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo81862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo115831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo119865	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo309498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraphoma fimeti
denovo233313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo62687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo309490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo309493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo339145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo230950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo478370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo32064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo370535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo478379	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo160644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo339146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo470143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo470141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo125168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo440861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo172210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo125165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo125166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo309728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo379410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo68876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo374099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo280742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium magnum
denovo381686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo74485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo381682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo87608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo56821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo113839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo113836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo113835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo113833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo372872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo118110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo374326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo200069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo72887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo209349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo459501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo272735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo135867	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo111470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo138890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo76572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo138897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo235410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo343004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo69753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo343006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo279611	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo343009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo77905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo276431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo73289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo78242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo98025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Melanommataceae	Herpotrichia	Herpotrichia juniperi
denovo108976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo270770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Laccaria trichodermophora
denovo357032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo357035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo424104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectria ramulariae
denovo347786	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo121095	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo466005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo138761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo35925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo329222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Coprinus	Coprinus foetidellus
denovo129663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinaceae
denovo173169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo34038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia rhabdospora
denovo19658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo337392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo63222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo380556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo19651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta
denovo19654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo319976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Podospora
denovo319973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Lecidella	Lecanoraceae
denovo122673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo31008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Stylonectria	Stylonectria norvegica
denovo93125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo385693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo452888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo452889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo385699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo413197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo305583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo166730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo458679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria didymospora
denovo458678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo375053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca
denovo375051	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo458670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo346783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo433755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo66761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo165424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo367964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo367965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo367966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo162438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo67414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo18017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo18015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo166883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo463783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo463784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo463789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria
denovo270488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo20966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo299809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo462789	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo30352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Selenophoma	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo434513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo299800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo193316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo335532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo425761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo425765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo356834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pseudeurotiaceae
denovo56544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo43907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo45972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo123256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo310211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo453426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo464401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo464404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo139385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo139389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo417474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo380158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo300356	Fungi
denovo344926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo300353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo411134	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo13795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo454815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo13790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo13792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo98136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo61819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo61813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo125953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo88181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo350791	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo484065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo420304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo264536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo264531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo264530	Fungi
denovo465687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo255397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo13246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo13241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo390434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo390431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo58249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo422232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo456551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Sarcosomataceae	Plectania	Plectania melastoma
denovo422231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo469695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo58242	Fungi
denovo190668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo139965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo310724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo225362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo310727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo310728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo299114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo88459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo399719	Fungi
denovo391521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurophragmium
denovo391520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo135057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo95704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula flavovirens
denovo436922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo1889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo392870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo392876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo392877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo130717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium
denovo198934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo491572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo130710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo22613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo101000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo101003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo101005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo363170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo493672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo294751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo294756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo38401	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo229705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo183309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo305206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo340128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo305202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo235057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo445609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo176278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo298990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo176272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo298996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo176277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo136655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo415164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo440497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo307514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo315238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo493583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo319560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo12112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo172973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo459995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo450244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo62895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo308501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo62898	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo459998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo457736	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo115748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo28756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo8378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo134876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo144552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo191201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo100752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo100751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo244720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo226108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pseudochaetosphaeronema
denovo17898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo108566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo17892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo39218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo326741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo133062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo248218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo326745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo483092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo92048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo393835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia gambelii
denovo393834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo247896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo59746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo489637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo249945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo251890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo316761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella phragmitis
denovo357990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo292343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo198204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo198206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo292347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo198203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo35021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo35025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo164318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo35028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo290851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo148322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo290853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo290855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo148326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo148329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo112216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo112217	Fungi	Aphelidiomycota	Aphelidiomycetes	Gs16
denovo185077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo5557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo9422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo392128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo119315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo392126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo215790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo215792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo227272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo66409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43806	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Kamienskia	Kamienskia bistrata
denovo82976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo153894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo357378	Fungi
denovo357372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo357373	Fungi
denovo357370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo96344	Fungi
denovo357375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo132825	Fungi	Aphelidiomycota	Aphelidiomycetes	Gs16
denovo132821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cercophora
denovo213433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo213430	Fungi
denovo147119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo147118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo195435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo195434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo195436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo396920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo396921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo396922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo104855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo396928	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo129085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo481934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo342503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo349428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo26501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo250853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo140666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo140667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae	Bagliettoa	Bagliettoa limborioides
denovo495835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo193877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo140661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo40864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo206579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo378756	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo3249	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Leucosporidiales	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Leucosporidiales	Leucosporidiaceae
denovo206577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo181795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo196315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo146796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo375102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo146792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes	Archaeorhizomycetales	Archaeorhizomycetaceae	Archaeorhizomyces
denovo146799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo443432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo213298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo426051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara	Chalara_pseudoaffinis
denovo412326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo455807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo479040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo412329	Fungi
denovo71609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo243547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo291066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo213294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo187437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo6393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo453546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo6398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo38971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo212744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo263917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo269458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo110109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo233154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo155826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo233151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo233159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo78216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo406714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo216912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo216913	Fungi
denovo320659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum minimum
denovo320658	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo324333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo143316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo320650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo324339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo351021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo354051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo141226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo400711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo141223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo157540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo364062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo322653	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo490410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo240010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo289881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo11647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo240019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena oregonensis
denovo245251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo308034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo186740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo445871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo437161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo303661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo303663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo52296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo419319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo242705	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo327179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo481434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo111275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo111272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo427015	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo49825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis filamentifera
denovo226205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo144759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo363675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo24739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo378403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Sabuloglossum
denovo378406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Curvularia eragrostidis
denovo378404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo73043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo73048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo193771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo365634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo438694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo370186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo150705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo86607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo114177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo232358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo256984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo256987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo433419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo232351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo31249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo297191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo31242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo47761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo115882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo154019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo108429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo151251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo151255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo277264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo151258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo105934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo105931	Fungi
denovo347811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo472292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo382009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo93057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo375698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo458494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo129313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo352045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo3681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo352049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo302139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo129318	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo355572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe cantharellus
denovo466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo120435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo393434	Fungi
denovo409542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo268471	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo371587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Phaeotremellaceae	Gelidatrema
denovo218153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo488683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo259186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo189927	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo204206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo204201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo204200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo204202	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo147803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo194421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo55216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo33088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo37976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo224878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo37975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo40418	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes	Monoblepharidales
denovo115224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo40415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia	Hyphodontia arguta
denovo115220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo147806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo358693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo283549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo328708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo30199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo7590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo268315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo254291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo76521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo221619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo201361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo419882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo71554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo19248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo358526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo421412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo328044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo358525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo358522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo358523	Fungi
denovo328040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo421414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo103442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo429644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo103440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo103447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo432455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Incrucipulum	Incrucipulum sulphurellum
denovo296714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo103448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo107573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo155057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo423783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo486306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo462811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma novozealandica
denovo292627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo48717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo230442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula subcarnea
denovo280167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo240839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo403534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo383833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo240834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo36372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo465992	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo486760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea
denovo125046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo431229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo72606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo391140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo310807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo258320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo126991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo430582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo446970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo422034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo422035	Fungi
denovo331263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo422032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo256472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Didymosphaeria	Didymosphaeria futilis
denovo430587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo273891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo68833	Fungi
denovo209953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo209951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo334936	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Bensingtonia	Bensingtonia naganoensis
denovo102714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo275720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo84519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo423924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo360719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo335041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo335042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo335043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo367564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo106621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo106622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo74384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo336898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo430588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo74380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo228898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo74389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillaceae
denovo284093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo434477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo434475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo154839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon lividum
denovo308993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo194882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo3976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo154830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo434478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo465469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo438766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Amylocorticiales	Amylocorticiaceae	Plicaturopsis	Plicaturopsis crispa
denovo23102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo479777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo161496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo75383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo124845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo329872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo236842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo325149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo329877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Glarea
denovo472506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae
denovo343904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo149217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo343903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo307355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena ochrogaleata
denovo460507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
denovo433888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo366389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo281787	Fungi	Neocallimastigomycota	Neocallimastigomycetes	Neocallimastigales	Neocallimastigaceae	Orpinomyces
denovo281783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo281780	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo471553	Fungi
denovo216882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo281789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo36751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Dermea	Dermea acerina
denovo430689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo444349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo33506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo367382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo409616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo470330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae
denovo123861	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo171970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo63927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo123868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo118091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Holtermanniales
denovo171979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo65370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo364688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo122194	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo144790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo334969	Fungi
denovo30973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo475677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo30977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo344672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo30975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Acremonium
denovo298285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo489403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo202044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo24451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo74039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo409430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma crassicystidiatum
denovo97235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Beverwykella	Beverwykella pulmonaria
denovo109906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia armoraciae
denovo453711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo460017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo389138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo68882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo414096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Gs27	Gs27
denovo466904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo272383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo408083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo39766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo318901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo318902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo318905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo386068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo276601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo38413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo276608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo122735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae
denovo122731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo386067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo172400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo125331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo414540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo125333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo303306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo303307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo125337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo121429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium	Tetracladium marchalianum
denovo300965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo420524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium novozealandicum
denovo121420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo347370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo280955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo360494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo260809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo63692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo260804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo260800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo474100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo58465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo209133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo292852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo459716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo96184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo272968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Hapalopilaceae
denovo422805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo46186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo338007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo425368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Galerina	Galerina lubrica
denovo339357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo162604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo15163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo492704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo231188	Fungi
denovo424310	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo492700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo161878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena speirea
denovo397797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo413015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo333600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Botrytis	Botrytis cinerea
denovo341434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo333606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo333607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Niessliaceae	Eucasphaeria	Eucasphaeria capensis
denovo346428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo409021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo237924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo196157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo340745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo146555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo334055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo334056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo146551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo334058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Mycopappus
denovo462596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo462595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo299630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo142423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo21249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo132901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo67594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo21245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Oculimacula
denovo142428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo142429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo89668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo488651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Lulworthiales	Lulworthiaceae	Zalerion
denovo488652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo181801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo181804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo60646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo181806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo60649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo61994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo98855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo495281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo495280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo221559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo425047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo64818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo384689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo59411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo265568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo14531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo384683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo341297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo384684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo384685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo348577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo278066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo278064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo278061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo98853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo217510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo21861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo261993	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo489010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo141026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo96149	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo169652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo197688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo467942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo384352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo384355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo174119	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo437422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo27164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo112903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium carpinicola
denovo97960	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo27162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella
denovo265694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis
denovo134531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo469243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Neosphaerellopsis thailandica
denovo390086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo310397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo306473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo357132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Buergenerula	Buergenerula spartinae
denovo98851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo495865	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica bayliasiana
denovo495864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo95512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo132274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Geosmithia	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo316491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo400086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo255216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo56085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo175448	Fungi
denovo13160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo418426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo42270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo389889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo454663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo42275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo295635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo386850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hymenogastraceae	Hebeloma	Hebeloma mesophaeum
denovo227894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo228667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo389884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo410655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo456296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo456298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo414931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo175993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Sporothrix
denovo243086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo3837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria halima
denovo482795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo94237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo212940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo212943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo3838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe insipida
denovo168527	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo456748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo130692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo466367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo467429	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo171693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo211916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Xylodon	Xylodon detriticus
denovo86829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo211918	Fungi
denovo365385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo267871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo63389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo485217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo352204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo485215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo448224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo317721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo140044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo93219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo101630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo293779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo315372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo136590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo101639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo293771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo356966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo28380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo52502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrella candolleana
denovo36251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo36257	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo188899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo29475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo49365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo194623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo390609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo29472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo29473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Neodeightonia	Neodeightonia palmicola
denovo39400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo447900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Ramalinaceae	Toninia	Toninia physaroides
denovo186949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo190472	Fungi
denovo395754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo215345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo215341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo182642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo186943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo186945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo54909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo91109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo294271	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo294272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo294275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo185916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo185915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo251463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo177598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo173876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo257101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo71710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo71711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo457503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Polyporales	Meruliaceae
denovo153440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo294335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo393975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo393977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo158490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo483115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo253820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo449575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo6912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo143533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo7991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo143531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo143530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria bellynckii
denovo380933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo226312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo226310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo428862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo452737	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo105600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo181347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo268069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo268068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo224221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo321000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo147096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo147099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo158720	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo449683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo321009	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo218545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo268064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo312803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo396225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo25150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo312807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo312805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo11287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo100273	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo192661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo189417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo489841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo5297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo141873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo316136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo316134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo194994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo2014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo148518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo406038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo377889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea
denovo403040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Marasmiellus	Marasmiellus tricolor
denovo148516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo148510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo2814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo406030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo148513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Microbotryaceae	Microbotryum	Microbotryaceae
denovo70443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo480497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo283174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Phallales	Gastrosporiaceae	Gastrosporium	Gastrosporium simplex
denovo283170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo442629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo256278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo194810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo192599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo112001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo6	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo5741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo452042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo376280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo471197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo355891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo442995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo206307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo471199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo104956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo273566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo324784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo324787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo446284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo446286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo413054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo241985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo399920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo49199	Fungi
denovo252885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo94665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Ilyonectria macrodidyma
denovo325783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo83252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo424389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo85152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo366147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo336565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo268938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo355678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum floriforme
denovo407348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo407347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo407343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo416031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo146050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo285430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo241671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo117784	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo323402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo208848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo79378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo26714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo447483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo244002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo400317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo244000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo176960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo26719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo248589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo289927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo410459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Bolbitiaceae
denovo6791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo238460	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo167563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo41966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo371813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo167565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo184972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo184970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo412517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo412510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma
denovo127105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo412513	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo83878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo475479	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo402830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo447158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo447156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo447153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo445124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo47630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium aphidis
denovo444593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo74630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo444596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo358828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo444594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo73360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo186534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Fomitopsis	Fomitopsis cajanderi
denovo248055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo207471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo186538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo79952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo79955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo426570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo371902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo426575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo319105	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo110319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo102471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo155671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo119432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo155675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo119436	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporidiobolales	Rhodosporidiobolus colostri
denovo489050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo277713	Fungi
denovo277712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo50638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo27441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo398333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo398332	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo398330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo115921	Fungi
denovo276041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo400529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo244917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo332712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo258549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo427197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo244919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo129437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo290167	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Rhizophlyctidaceae	Rhizophlyctis
denovo62599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo129432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe
denovo470644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo128746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo48556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo236230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo236232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo236234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo236237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo236239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo236238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo242519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo91499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo427228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo410340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo403874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo95456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo163715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe sylvatica
denovo163716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo379542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo254316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Coccomyces	Coccomyces dentatus
denovo254312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo209445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo368459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo72105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum virgineum
denovo72106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo368452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo91493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo370393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo370392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo129292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo428416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo104165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo120575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo333046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo281843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo348	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Kochiomyces	Spizellomycetaceae
denovo281849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo30789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo87145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala virens
denovo334215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo82399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo299437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo33321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo59361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo156519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo435608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo402586	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo302362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo235760	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo64225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo274993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo274991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo478924	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo478928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo299383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo30434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo417823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo30439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo127921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo402050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo331992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo71453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo71451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo371410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo14737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo14735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo61056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo218040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo97444	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo490547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo164058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo48786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo161020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo164050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo362451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo161027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo274378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo396769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo124477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo82403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo280084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo422486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo237615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo75224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo42485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo83118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massariaceae	Massaria	Massaria gigantispora
denovo287738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo331373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo287737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo83117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo331377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo311606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo360100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo280338	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo487488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo271827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis	Dothideomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo469845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella citrina
denovo22464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo408510	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae
denovo32140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo439602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo478075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo408514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo234141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo234144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo238876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo238871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo373228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo41556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo106275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo300434	Fungi
denovo300436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Selenophoma	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo62993	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo300433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo160372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo370806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo304326	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo160377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo123122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Cystobasidiales	Cystobasidiaceae	Cystobasidium	Cystobasidium lysinophilum
denovo364829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo85482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo368336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo368333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo74178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo59457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo74173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_dendritica
denovo74177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo74174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella
denovo165820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo458213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo281063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo118427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo335159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Togniniales	Togniniaceae
denovo23734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo285778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo23730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo229332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo465037	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo448839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Rhizocarpales	Rhizocarpaceae	Rhizocarpon	Rhizocarpon geographicum
denovo355949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo277052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo21466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo355947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo277055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Leucosporidiales	Leucosporidiaceae	Mastigobasidium
denovo227427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo145586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo145583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo460715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo279909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Microascaceae
denovo480191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo270885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo61719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Auriscalpiaceae	Lentinellus	Lentinellus vulpinus
denovo265527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo493152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo353532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo493154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo479805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo436394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo493803	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo51069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo56297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo59271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo457345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo469838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo80803	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo208187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo208184	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo266672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo319260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo459036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo119770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo81255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo169030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo59188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo260636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo260635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo466881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo163054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo169039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo356414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo224025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo271590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo208457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo11044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo134316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo125278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo125279	Fungi
denovo144233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo437631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo453991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo144238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo280854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo137958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Marasmiellus	Marasmiellus tricolor
denovo489666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo279270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae
denovo406239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo279273	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo26834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo195800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo152668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo195805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo147527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo143638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo247137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo468739	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo319840	Fungi
denovo143636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo386236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo172671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo172673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo58583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo198985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo346674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo406585	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Polyporaceae
denovo346671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo314177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo50000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo455598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
denovo434549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo400516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo143182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo456122	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo435244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo58630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo408850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo108842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo165043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo146698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo153130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo32532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo253027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo339143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo337554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_coroniferum
denovo146694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo337555	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo357452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo40959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo357455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo385762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo357459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo142582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo142585	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo342974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo342975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo349014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo78728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo325811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo468015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo325818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo190977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo389511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo395134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo190974	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo131443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo346498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo139275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes
denovo196721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo4347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo139270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo57251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo196729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo171372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo392785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo392786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo95236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo363975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo411402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo200499	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo248210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo248217	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo53576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo248215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo53578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo298178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo298179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo28886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo28887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo217498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo28880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo164317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo419187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina rehmii
denovo178631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo178636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo178637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo419180	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo404936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo306431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo262569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo386589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo265717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo143729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo27284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo262567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo211893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo451207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo391497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo481436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo391493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo222097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo100451	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma nemorale
denovo391498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo396448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo137131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo137133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo17071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo193776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo193777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo193779	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo290367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo355573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo355571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo22109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo22105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo62509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo228142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo386953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo28263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo48718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo222328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo222329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo388497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo191735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo192558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo311480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo222320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo311481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
denovo446973	Fungi
denovo446972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycotina	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo391144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo183495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo17385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo183490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo3970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo187930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo255001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo458985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo262382	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo176560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo428159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo494748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo171712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo171713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Jahnulales	Aliquandostipitaceae	Xylomyces
denovo298287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo198056	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo401748	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella fimbricystis
denovo448068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo72347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo159994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo183723	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo46724	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo450156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo205042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo292854	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo397792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo448064	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomycetaceae
denovo317888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo318678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo318679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo289677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo289676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo318675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo179277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo318671	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo16385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo203974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo104361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo76110	Fungi
denovo185766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo200400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo275223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo156351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo17926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo49446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo365190	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entolomataceae
denovo223055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo223054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo223051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo60691	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo314118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo395494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo395496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo109678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo293109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo109677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo158024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo294333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales
denovo275593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo275592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo359842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo292277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo357866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo108101	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo282108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo402211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo402216	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo194815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo442206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo282104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo49198	Fungi
denovo245965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo378926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo406914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo406911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo8061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo315659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo161229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo66961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo476545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo161224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo257316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo257312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Arnium
denovo82497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo297732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo199395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo199397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo206805	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo398951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo206802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo361478	Fungi
denovo70877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo481889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo50940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo449726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo449724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo361470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo107107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo107104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo449728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo107102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo82407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo11562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo331176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo331170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo487489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo252925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo213580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo79234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo84123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo331179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo66089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo375831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo375836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo363834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo389378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo363839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo210582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo214606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma subbrunnea
denovo214608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo316305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo192413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo210589	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo316303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo380382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo392520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo213053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo49124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo325591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo78726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo86705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo160177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Polyporales
denovo160170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo385584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Phaeotheca	Phaeotheca_fissurella
denovo160173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo471013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo328552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo314231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo3150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Monodictys	Monodictys_capensis
denovo392034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo358076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo103732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo480280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo442818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo258993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo446128	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo62604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo9255	Fungi
denovo309413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo444416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo187583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo187586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo444411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo366263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo73972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo85295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo21721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo154464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo118628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo273335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae
denovo180603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo110432	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo269162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo426291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo117428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo481884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo78182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo111744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo111740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo427521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo427526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Morchellaceae	Verpa	Morchellaceae
denovo235942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo235943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo219511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo336330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo336337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo289068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo320940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo73750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo371990	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo327994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae
denovo461020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo490755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo233395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Phialocephala fortinii
denovo243476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo291193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo243472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo291190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo235498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo99919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella nigra
denovo322546	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo277526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo329732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo329731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo232446	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo277528	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo343083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo330503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo245141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo490752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena oregonensis
denovo474784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo63558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo426438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo373296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo374010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo373299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo119578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo260438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo220845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo124259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo124258	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo260432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo470857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo120941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo120940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo421806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo281475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo421802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo208618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo421809	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo391796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo204519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo204518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo369204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo430876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo204516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo79467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Selenophoma	Selenophoma_mahoniae
denovo459585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora multipilosa
denovo157474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo163525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo271206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo271202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo48453	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo234720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo38869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo303750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporomycetidae	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae
denovo275960	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Phanerochaetaceae
denovo303759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo479340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo275966	Fungi
denovo495824	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo121016	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo121010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo347703	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo347701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo111998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo347709	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo31628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo346076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo346074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo496037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo381841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo31620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo174431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo439397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo94201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo123703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo401268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo123701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo123706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo123704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo123705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo466553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo342189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo39197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo462705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo462703	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo452806	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo70197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo479489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo56968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo370210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo120053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo174383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo372500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo306227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo306222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo306223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo372506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo372507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo125662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales
denovo254505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo40997	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo56960	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Rhizophlyctidaceae	Rhizophlyctis
denovo15655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo138100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo307458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo201875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo491021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Agaricus	Agaricaceae
denovo422724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo339438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria	Leptosphaeria weimeri
denovo41099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo339437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo139477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo310050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo139474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo364327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina
denovo220583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo444553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo146877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo139479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo135761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo440714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo37662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo176179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo37668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo37669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo97956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo237400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo340043	Fungi
denovo345032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Hyphodontia
denovo408227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo237407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo434148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo301624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo477037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo305756	Fungi
denovo59849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo412605	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo124539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo305758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo416344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo309885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella
denovo40037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo40036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo13712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo12443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo122844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo385371	Fungi
denovo385370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo423897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo305289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Malasseziomycetes	Malasseziales	Malasseziaceae	Malassezia	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo367679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo305286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo280275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sebacinales	Sebacinales_group_b
denovo280271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo421035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo18929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo22346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo421033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo14297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Teratosphaeriaceae
denovo216039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo216038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo234260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo228783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo75419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo75418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo12191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo191537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo20272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo311011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo311013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo347600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo20279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo95968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo485087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo45777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo133352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo149900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo22693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo145283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo145281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo460035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo47084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo145285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo385954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo191284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo235180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales
denovo131841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo441675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo441674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo441677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Didymella chenopodii
denovo20183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo377367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo64868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo35532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo35536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo265842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Splanchnonema	Splanchnonema_pupula
denovo265843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo318473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo265846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo413269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo168956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo413268	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo308861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo177141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177140	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Endogonomycetes	Gs22
denovo189663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo185567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo185564	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo177148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo450423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo450427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metacordyceps	Metacordyceps chlamydosporia
denovo420817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo421804	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo454334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo227582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo145423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Podosordaria jugoyasan
denovo109478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Lachnocladiaceae	Asterostroma
denovo158228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo88684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo6833	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo109471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo88688	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo158227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo109477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo159174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo159173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo24033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo24037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo246141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo39875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo39870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo171849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo390953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo415709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_summerbellii
denovo215716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo247811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo247813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo158594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo247816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo220913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo405959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo220910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo220917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo347069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo405950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo313562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo313567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo188131	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo244614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo413701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo477314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo59020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo58863	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo430878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo14904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo199158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo340876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo456868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo8512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo11366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo11365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo66331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo164920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo67288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo487848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo166275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo166277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo152140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo152141	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes	Monoblepharidales
denovo6060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo181711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo181710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo181713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo181712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo97610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo449255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo153810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo66483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo214048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo261173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Lasiosphaeria	Lasiosphaeria ovina
denovo455884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo10100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo67752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo261175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo455889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo314036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiella dakotensis
denovo338422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo148945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo350608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo341584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo247365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora panicorum
denovo263995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo480049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo58771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo25631	Fungi
denovo58777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo25634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo441111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo146247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo83808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo44251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo335440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo76115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo462063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo349204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo349200	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo130927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo99982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo216992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo199846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo389064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo389060	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo253500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Acremonium
denovo168131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo7336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo398606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo196392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo180040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora dichanthii
denovo184742	Fungi
denovo184749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo417133	Fungi
denovo255907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo427723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo427724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo42960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo389399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo80354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo80359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema
denovo389390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo363644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo440881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo101206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo153368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta graminicola
denovo393933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo92124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo264672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo421338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora	Acarospora glaucocarpa
denovo217026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo262739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Cercospora	Cercospora delaireae
denovo216379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo144609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo398741	Fungi
denovo473422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo315075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo143791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo90056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo142043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo197448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo481740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo475822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo400797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo475820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo5862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo5860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo94735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo355720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo82138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo245435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo389936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo391827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo42341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo389930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo176482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo454197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo176487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo410540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo298325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo176484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo158960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo158967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo81086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo81080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo362099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo362098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo100552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo183028	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo419394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo178467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Phyllostictaceae	Phyllosticta	Phyllosticta ampelicida
denovo170676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo175281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo183023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo178468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo183024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo6884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo6889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo182371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo171103	Fungi
denovo378229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo461056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo84910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium
denovo81551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo362543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo263461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo362545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo362544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo130839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo323921	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo323925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo76834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo76831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales
denovo322038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo352515	Fungi
denovo332526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo482553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lemonniera
denovo86680	Fungi	Zoopagomycota	Zoopagomycetes	Zoopagales	Piptocephalidaceae	Piptocephalis	Piptocephalis tieghemiana
denovo482557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo358618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo151438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Myriangiales
denovo99663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo276947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo276946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae
denovo99665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo327716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo404491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo72410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo393085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo486077	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
denovo175824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo246808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo29947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Morchellaceae	Disciotis
denovo314801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo472214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo49870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo290669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo198498	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo179337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo29949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo246807	Fungi
denovo290661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Phialea
denovo353394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo92368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo92884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo372342	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo372340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo372344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo177466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo189307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo86029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo365019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
denovo147955	Fungi
denovo365016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo43761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo198720	Fungi
denovo147954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo205157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales
denovo55291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo250421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo439394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo16173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo16177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo205159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo241721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo442132	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo162942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo275415	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo275417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo72687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo275412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo275419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo49253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo444994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo54641	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo37461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo37463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo487385	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo487388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo152807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo76013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo273814	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo107316	Fungi
denovo429028	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo48064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo210264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo48065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo368143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo368141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo313042	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo487039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo27262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo257299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo257292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo404770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282715	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo287544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo4624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo195779	Fungi	Glomeromycota
denovo195774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo199452	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo345587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo237173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo237174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo407859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo192205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Capronia
denovo161415	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo285943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo79685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo161410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo2435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora
denovo2431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo71333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo129830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo205843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo375970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo71337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo129834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo205847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo297947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo129838	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo297942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo375979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo445640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo181059	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
denovo64132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo64130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo445647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo181056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo181057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo451086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo167810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo61565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo167816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo167817	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo61561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo259926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo259925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo367303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo475363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Dacrymyces	Dacrymyces minutus
denovo367308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo344186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo274451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo74308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo274459	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo56641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo336810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo366652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo228812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo328296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo468460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo480562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo283043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo336819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo113398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo480565	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo362935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo81945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo461182	Fungi
denovo144718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo233212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo416772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo119946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo233219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo46360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo277223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo277222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo433802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo328742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo460586	Fungi
denovo324676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo320593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo206474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo125009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo125008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo125002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo475587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo125007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo125006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo125005	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo32238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo309600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo253767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo121933	Fungi
denovo121937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo113978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo113975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo68169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo42871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo118013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo420112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo204494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Tetrachaetum
denovo204499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo303389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo7196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo272477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo272474	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales
denovo272471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo436291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo436290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo272478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo343320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo163223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo343323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo474182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo372501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo85650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo156917	Fungi
denovo359170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo77828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo127691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo127692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo368968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo332487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo368961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo119059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo379995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo209356	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo96108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo329501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo466322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo124351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo329507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo129581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo129586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo150428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo422883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo410030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia zsoltii var. zsoltii
denovo276680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo337058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Sphaerosporella
denovo19992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo333579	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo380616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo127520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo473602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo127526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella avenacea
denovo127527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo373463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo479725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo119274	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo342744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo342749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo385558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo173752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo173757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo413093	Fungi
denovo129052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo254408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo375156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo375154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo333687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales
denovo208800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo208806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo368047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo162573	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo423282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo162577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo423286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo423287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo367887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo66648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina
denovo424062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo161881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo350449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo161885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo18114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo260197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo26382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo338621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo14828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo14824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo260198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber	Tuber pseudoexcavatum
denovo284838	Fungi
denovo355287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo20842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo284830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo162686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo162687	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella
denovo286084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo334505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo424392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo476139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo338999	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo274862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo274863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo338996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo428034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo393117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo75441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo341214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora_vesiculosa
denovo393111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo34824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Chrysosporium
denovo341218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo341219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo122949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo131230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo448274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo123514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo345914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo123518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo453746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo453745	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo190317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo462510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo9952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo417736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo462518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo468770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo56373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo416060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo416061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo13694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo13697	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo460918	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinus silvaticus
denovo228373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo386761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo163374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo386766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo460913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Passeriniella	Passeriniella_obiones
denovo341416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo210939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo271434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo73290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo15448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo420225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo216171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo14317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo64270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo262135	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo227815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo422572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo456217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo490122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo490121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo266836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula calyciformis
denovo266837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo12872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo394460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo266839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo220587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo217594	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo217596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo26878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo197603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo197605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo197607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo104026	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo130610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo190053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo190055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo364236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo469420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo394855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo469426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo225552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo237231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo225554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo225557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo301811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo301812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo229427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo439093	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo135263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo88108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo305123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo229046	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo332595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo58988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo58989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo149713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo307417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo298651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo53494	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo149718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo307411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo12253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo146839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo172833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo311191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo450320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo450322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo183594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo482713	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo473785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo351139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo482714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo483441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo115020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo482402	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo211332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo319792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo8237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo355491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Taphrinomycotina	Taphrinomycetes	Taphrinomycetidae	Taphrinales	Taphrinaceae
denovo20027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo482405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo20023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo355492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo311225	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo485296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo384186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo326021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo94241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo422997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo158412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo483195	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo28560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo28562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massariosphaeria
denovo28564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo177265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo11754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo100148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo191093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo191092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo489770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo316646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo189149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo441000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo450580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo495829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo198122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo188816	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo38755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo94518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Ophiognomonia asiatica
denovo312886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo172162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo172164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo5218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo342332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo94866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo21775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Mycochaetophora	Mycochaetophora_gentianae
denovo355870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo16403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo454162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo16404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo69357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo454168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo210461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo82832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo379255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo493042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo313685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo477452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo29217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo106422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo487630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo10809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo195578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo279563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo140296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo279568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo199290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo342659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo241903	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo2639	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo430187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo193930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo178204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo140741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo169183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo140743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo59617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo169187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo85491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo54099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo3322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo314486	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo50530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo206433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo396343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo310908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo310909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo294963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo57542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria
denovo294965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo342338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo447409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo291305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo2980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo447407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo169450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes
denovo380072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo6296	Fungi
denovo169456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo410867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo410865	Fungi
denovo485901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo181521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo181526	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo245879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo117076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo412596	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae	Leccinum	Boletaceae
denovo474915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo426647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo426646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo51077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo226805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo226804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo3581	Fungi
denovo147900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo147906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo444623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo147905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo324072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo320751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo238753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo320759	Fungi
denovo354395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo354397	Fungi
denovo351142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo481108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo288030	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo474919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo105306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo105307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo244625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo400613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo105302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_luteo-olivacea
denovo244622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo193066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo105301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo141508	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo5988	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo105308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo105309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo377374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo253719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo389216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo253715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo53041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo445934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo40033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo4586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo291873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo45425	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Archaeosporales	Archaeosporaceae
denovo115509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo45422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo104770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo126632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo175325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo255712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella	Ophiosphaerella korrae
denovo262675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo255719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo80527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo80524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo363536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo395083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo363539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Incrucipulum	Incrucipulum radiatum
denovo395087	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo395084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo347039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo218872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo441941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo42609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo374775	Fungi
denovo114039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo277977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo81625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo482453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo150624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo289347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo289346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo232014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo81622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo154757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo423895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo395552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo203265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo203261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo395558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo47483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo241480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo241481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo241482	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo158887	Fungi
denovo28977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo388169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo158884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo453297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo327033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo105872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo355118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo360808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo10251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo326347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo302674	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Kappamycetaceae	Kappamyces
denovo176671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arachnopeziza	Arachnopeziza aurata
denovo47152	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo241154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo293430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo47158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo473370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo242598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo479605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo242597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo189804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturiaceae
denovo242594	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo205298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo405735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo163974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo55553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo55554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo163970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo55556	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo73859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo115347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo115346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo115343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo239838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo371336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo268223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo103097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo371339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo332978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo250677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo250672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo40686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo358408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo92449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo421511	Fungi
denovo19529	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo99413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo358402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo103322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo353451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Valsaceae
denovo429720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo96625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo457161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo82316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo296052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo82314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massariaceae	Massaria	Massaria gigantispora
denovo292749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo292748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo30708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma victoriae
denovo156590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo292742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo435685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo230568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo32410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo346953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo408660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo477704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo234417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo254979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo103046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae
denovo254971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo254976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo254977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo444819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo282655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Microdochium colombiense
denovo376817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo258040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Pezicula	Pezicula pruinosa
denovo258044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma tephrensis
denovo376811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo403368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo408590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo408596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo408594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo256530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo85949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo256537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo206954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo361583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo275601	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo435029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo435023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo435021	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo282699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo219917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo335162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo335160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo282692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo219910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo423646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Polyporaceae	Lentinus	Lentinus arcularius
denovo465834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo116067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo116065	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo387034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo118932	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo237039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo79522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo79527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo426981	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
denovo426983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo127306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo453826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo463958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo282529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Leptographium	Leptographium lundbergii
denovo83197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo124960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo463950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo387033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae
denovo113587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo145677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo145675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo145673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo320258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo284208	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo438159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo61244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo367245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo438152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo84254	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo134152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo33423	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo382937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo161603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo382935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo95969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo193321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo193320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo460791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo307161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo61794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo65037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo350083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo423138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo426324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo479887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae
denovo110586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo110587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo475138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo475130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo425986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo86711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo78699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo207331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo207333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo208106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo73447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo208109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo144107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinarius centrirufus
denovo144103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Glarea
denovo414196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo414191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo236072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo236071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo236070	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo344444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo202679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo24246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo286518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo343799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo128939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo466821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo478287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo149085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo232977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo406040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo343791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo149080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo22957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo122479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo122477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo276728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo172362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo172363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo461449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Bisporella citrina
denovo420449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo466791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo381776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo413973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo413979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo372906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo27408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo296684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo470567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo473038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo320100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo66569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Psathyrellaceae
denovo8969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo453432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo267542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo267546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo196660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo69626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo203108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo279769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo337158	Fungi
denovo278497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo340657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo162724	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo437722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo394937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo446562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Elasticomyces elasticus
denovo327077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia adeliensis
denovo342464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo342465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo382488	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo385457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo413354	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo124147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo413356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo413359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo5712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo148750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo333724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo334713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo462498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo146612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo57709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo438974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo139149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo57700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo223831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo244951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo382152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo479576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo231316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo382158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo173540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo173543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo173545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo344935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo472071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo463543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo400267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo488994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium carpinicola
denovo141178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo74894	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo252024	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo252025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo412752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo252023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo15761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo46646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_luteo-olivacea
denovo252029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo18309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo59753	Fungi
denovo425165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo59751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo46641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo416453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo416452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo131374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo377566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo278143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo278142	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo278146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo217415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo261658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo335449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo10688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo261657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo288235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo335442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo335443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo103883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella citrina
denovo400450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo169512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo141346	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo468631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo141344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo91179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo91174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo230047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo230040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo442944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo393706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo398133	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo265790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Perusta	Perusta inaequalis
denovo418702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo174011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo464536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo464535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo464534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo464533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo103885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta graminicola
denovo464531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo125797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo310291	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo125792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo310296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo288586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo197018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo95411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo95410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo344857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo418704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo95418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo197017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo133849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo255553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo494215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo389766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo477753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo42534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo418504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo418507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo456397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Hermatomyces
denovo227990	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo389768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo12933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo415900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo415901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo481349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo481344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo481340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo414258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo114232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo175657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo114236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo114237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo48752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo179142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo318367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo168643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Glarea
denovo190790	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo190797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo190796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo190795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo190794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo190799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo469589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo451281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo451282	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo399667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema	Sistotrema_sernanderi
denovo12682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo263659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo263658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo222012	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo399669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo327234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes
denovo222017	Fungi
denovo267930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo267934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Passeriniella	Passeriniella_obiones
denovo93153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo352124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo133261	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo133262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo93155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo317806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo27974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo216457	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo6964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo130401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo135558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo101177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo16307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo145332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo145331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo16303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo146970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo146971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo356802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo293633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo97811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo327586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo327587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo23276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo23277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae
denovo327583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo23272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo249163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo52626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo461854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo461853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo424619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo55396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo329386	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo215224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo307209	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo176303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo440566	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena ochrogaleata
denovo307204	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo176309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo115186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo293183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo293181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo451868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo403118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo455156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo18681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo455159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo18685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo250077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo246386	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo250071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo71618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo246389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo47017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo199644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo483256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo199642	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo182454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo353293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo211107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo92285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Entodesmium
denovo109581	Fungi
denovo211102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo47019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo191118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo157966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo11657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Phialocephala fortinii
denovo222901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo191114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo191115	Fungi
denovo442183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo29532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo456528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo21588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Incertae_sedis	Pleurophragmium
denovo366115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo321320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo321321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo321322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo321324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo470698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo93493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Rutstroemia	Rutstroemia tiliacea
denovo158608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo364708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo214570	Fungi
denovo7706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo441217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo486757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo437685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo108185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo483362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo46948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo313277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo405247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo239362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo314725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo126812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo148259	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo314723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo148257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo403166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Cystobasidiomycetes	Erythrobasidiales
denovo442542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo247470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo480755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo70568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo247478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo316380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo394758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales
denovo446659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo262884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo106584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales
denovo179969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo179968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo253038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo273445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo146931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces caricis
denovo256043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo442895	Fungi
denovo273442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo424433	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo180572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo180571	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo405868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo180575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo313497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo29001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Hypocreales
denovo83353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo360342	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo424434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo217884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo360348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo140460	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo140461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo206197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo116516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales_incertae_sedis
denovo85214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium conicum
denovo113742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo206193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo268875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo146933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae	Ganoderma	Ganoderma resinaceum
denovo85219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo101913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo238091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo315896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo315892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo146153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo238098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo94593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo315898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Umbilicariales	Umbilicariaceae	Umbilicaria	Umbilicaria phaea
denovo180686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo146155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo481802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo481808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo243382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo317031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo325512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo6154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo72768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo470152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo486600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo48273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo238544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo392349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo127029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo4420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo371915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo327914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo327917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo252344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo93752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo127025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo433645	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo45325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo291118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo444494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Pezoloma	Pezoloma ericae
denovo183880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo444492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo183884	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo219664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo248712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo440972	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo494597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo373219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo127798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales
denovo373217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo155730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo257832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo65235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo202470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo78106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Passeriniella	Passeriniella_obiones
denovo212368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo468471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia mammiformis
denovo219592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola
denovo398270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo398271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo80197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo216864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo81248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena polygramma
denovo431776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Thelephoraceae
denovo362251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo48984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo90342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo303066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo200834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo303063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo200830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo316817	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo445981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo99992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo434264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo51533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo308725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo42677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo401156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo345453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo383445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo242418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo359654	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Acaulospora	Acaulosporaceae
denovo442348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo242415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo473239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo98648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces
denovo241112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo84994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo368880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo472232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholomataceae
denovo48597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo73138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo375325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo375327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo458106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo207642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo378539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo404651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo372671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo477006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo251068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo404659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Lanzia
denovo251065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo251060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo78818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo43077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo72651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo370291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo205643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo433526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo205641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo232222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo282303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo256873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo282304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo282305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo409380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo276251	Fungi	Kickxellomycota	Kickxellomycetes	Kickxellales	Kickxellaceae	Ramicandelaber	Kickxellaceae
denovo281969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo276254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Ilyonectria	Ilyonectria mors-panacis
denovo76412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo361282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo220674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo76414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Porpidiaceae	Porpidia	Porpidia crustulata
denovo254580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo87199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo347963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo420072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo382317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo347964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo420071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo428685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Inocybe
denovo299260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo299262	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Alphamycetaceae	Betamyces
denovo43691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo122877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo122875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo402712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo276879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo19489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo19480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo371164	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo259523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Alpinaria	Alpinaria rhododendri
denovo372583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo162256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo162255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Trapeliales	Trapeliaceae	Placopsis	Placopsis perrugosa
denovo64029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo452330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo463725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo264823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo335284	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo164158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo425416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo425413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo257057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
denovo333877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo230684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo1520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo333872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo221108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo14166	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo421303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo14163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo421301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo369702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo234593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Discostroma	Discostroma tostum
denovo234590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo490374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo490370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo490371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella phragmitis
denovo380772	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo486410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo361134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo426826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo84609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo360661	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo287470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo488523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo34376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo381156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo383944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo439167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Conocybe juniana var. sordescens
denovo383942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo162875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo4098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Humaria
denovo41692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo237488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo65779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo487486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo311091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo300571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo416927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo304409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo123004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo123000	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiales
denovo87958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo473540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo7250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo87950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo87956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo87954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo41341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo62793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo111937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo368073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo368072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo388327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo309112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo366545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Tremellaceae
denovo64556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo366546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo64553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo113266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo23073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo23071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo23074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Tetrapyrgos	Tetrapyrgos subdendrophora
denovo437419	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo438696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo395465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo465170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo437416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo144809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo277395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo223610	Fungi
denovo277397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo277393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo402098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo343611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo1667	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo43919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrellaceae
denovo149326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo343618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo434850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo460610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo434855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo361335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo395467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo36620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo36622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo466610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo413836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo466614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo123919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium salinae
denovo458056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo466618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo470245	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo277649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo413838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo123911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo470243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo415786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo34667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo348584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo319342	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Tranzscheliella	Tranzscheliella williamsii
denovo266538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus	Monosporascus cannonballus
denovo29737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo4091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo60296	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo166145	Fungi
denovo302945	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo302944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo16858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius	Cortinariaceae
denovo413788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo458827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo163398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo22852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo14984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo93751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo97349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo22858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo480476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo356358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo87356	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo414789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo134219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo465825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo29081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo332397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo381639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo280795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo381633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo337345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo451137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo195928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo69871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo34085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo276113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo439902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo493943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo54350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo54352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius limosus
denovo493948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo20756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo20754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo278847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo306061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo494496	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo342051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo198860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo300894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo448834	Fungi
denovo448836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo147770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Exobasidiales	Graphiolaceae	Graphiola	Graphiola phoenicis
denovo147774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo295283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo295280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo295287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo484772	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
denovo93755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo357080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo83437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo165729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo50299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Pseudoseptoria	Pseudoseptoria collariana
denovo162116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo162117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo153671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo11854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo225126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo96565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo223976	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo21083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo10187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo96568	Fungi
denovo96569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum anthrisci
denovo333114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo350682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo350684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo348481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo83486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo101285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo360498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo412499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo146423	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo146427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo139337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo57116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo412495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo142331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo26367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo495040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo349285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo495049	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo56862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo380304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Peltigerales	Coccocarpiaceae	Coccocarpia	Coccocarpia erythroxyli
denovo13986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo196578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo131656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo4151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo4153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_luteo-olivacea
denovo10720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo178177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo264580	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo100883	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo313829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo92161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo226470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo226476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo170366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo488979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo38172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo262402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo14407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo212160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo212167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo212165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Saxophila	Saxophila tyrrhenica
denovo212164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo451120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo158502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo117954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo81002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo117956	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo391591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Conocybe fuscimarginata
denovo489304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo197192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo26942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo193437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo460454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo193439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo169729	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo390185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo265187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo27011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Battarrea
denovo27012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo265182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis eranthidis
denovo27016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo393577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo140861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo42479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo145815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo324954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo145813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo128795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo109283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo283813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo48615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo211606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo391628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe borealis
denovo132306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Helvellaceae	Balsamia	Balsamia platyspora
denovo222207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo170584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo197223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo197221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo170581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo197224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo48603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo133659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo494028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo494026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo133655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo290555	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo186168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo186161	Fungi
denovo58293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo465446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo177754	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo387207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo296244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo404416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo242161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo414844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo172980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo177759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo242169	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo292957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo292954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo46849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo314889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo292953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo365542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo198416	Fungi
denovo469141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo212836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo212831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo246886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo318132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo318135	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo94111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo225464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Postia	Fomitopsidaceae
denovo225465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo367404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo456639	Fungi
denovo225462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
denovo70018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo112827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo185602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo251513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo189385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo189389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo112829	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo112828	Fungi
denovo258631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo114795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo114794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo114793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo114792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo365095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sarocladium
denovo49568	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo223154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron	Myxotrichaceae
denovo223155	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo104558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo157211	Fungi
denovo289449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo194773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo109138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo353642	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs05
denovo37124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo92674	Fungi
denovo483689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo109136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo98930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Glomosporiaceae	Thecaphora	Thecaphora thlaspeos
denovo102244	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo102245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo357941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo357940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo98937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo466857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo402154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo96953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo246265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Thelephoraceae
denovo246264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Crepidotus	Crepidotus cesatii
denovo246266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo291733	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo83159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo106950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo326447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo282022	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo137281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo106959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo406818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo186839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo406815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena belliarum
denovo379178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales
denovo319668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo357937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo113685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo256578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo319664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo8383	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo50053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo292041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo478973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo2129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo325236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo282790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo419885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo71003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo257217	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo282797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo419880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo282799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo297673	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo457211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo115440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo445533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo398859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo47220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo92091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo4988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum rhytismatis
denovo47228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo442341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo8656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo8654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo442342	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo112795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo100072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudogymnoascus	Pseudogymnoascus appendiculatus
denovo8659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo360064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo360062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo431097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo274721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Cephalotrichum	Cephalotrichum stemonitis
denovo403288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo403289	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo116231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo449198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo352941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo107392	Fungi
denovo107390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo316220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo288890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo213710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo213714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo193886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo314575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo3297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo471350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo370962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo147433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo328210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Corynesporascaceae	Corynespora	Corynespora citricola
denovo99323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo103676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo328214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo41109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo324541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo320041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo185009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo41105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo57878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo192282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo184152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo184153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo113464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo3741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo3742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo242996	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo242991	Fungi
denovo365556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo68257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo446377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo79172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo397088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo180726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo75659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo397086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo352892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo114890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo114892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo219416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo219415	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo366031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo82614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo273185	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo80015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo343456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo476820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo238665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo238667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo86548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo293803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo327892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo461102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo430353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo291090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo436211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo436210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo287878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo329675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo282803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo287877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo287876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo232527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo308084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo4213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo371703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo373397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo426773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo80352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo426771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo447029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo419503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo309687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo129507	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo308556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo308557	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo308554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo308555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo308551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo421926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo421925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia fristingensis
denovo19913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo167183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo19918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo167189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo473680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Thielavia	Thielavia intermedia
denovo72967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo459463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo374286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo277404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo277406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo77249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo208888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo378707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo271120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo208881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo77243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo208887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo271125	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo328980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo234801	Fungi
denovo234803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo234808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo423205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo275809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo332409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo387472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo367800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo84819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo275800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo275805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo394031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo96358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo121753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo429151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo329582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo138680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo32810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo439299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo120483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo120487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo123665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo151777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Dermea	Dermea acerina
denovo123667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo439294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo401345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo125779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo453071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo303566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo330800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo303563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia griseopallida
denovo121281	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo126257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Ceraceomyces
denovo408992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo163403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo83174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo270299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo125504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo306306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo72031	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo72035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo270297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo15115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo201931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo221805	Fungi
denovo491701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo337631	Fungi
denovo428529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo429692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo420098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo88061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo361070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo339575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo299544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Hypocreaceae
denovo299546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo132834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo275118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
denovo435731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo33034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo366865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo51982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Steccherinum	Steccherinum fimbriatum
denovo230279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo496280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales
denovo467419	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo120154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo120150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo239985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo330117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo330110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo139640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Monographella nivalis
denovo139643	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo139644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo286911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo299093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo301540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo301546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo299094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo299098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo417958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo452031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo124672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo239227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo425591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo463245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo463246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo13617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo14648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo483696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Malasseziomycetes	Malasseziales	Malasseziaceae	Malassezia	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo12566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo423995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo161119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo221372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo230499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo230493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo230492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo265342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Ophiostoma
denovo22264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo265349	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo369514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo369512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo369511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella avenacea
denovo234380	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales
denovo65501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum anthrisci
denovo61083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo438115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo199910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo391025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo228913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo353659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo236891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo18439	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo493563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Corynesporascaceae	Corynespora
denovo84034	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo361600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo459814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo383362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo359237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo280423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo408208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo271913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo271917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo408200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo228516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo228515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo431128	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo36786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo131924	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo36785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo36789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo108677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo430651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo226060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Keissleriella
denovo24959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo226066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Hypocreomycetidae	Microascales	Microascaceae
denovo24953	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucoraceae
denovo318738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo149797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales
denovo304212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo39158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo39159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo415089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo132563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo308941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo415081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo211441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo441086	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo45618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo99474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Humicola grisea
denovo144014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo62570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo15938	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo5867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo454475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo35786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo15934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Oculimacula
denovo145749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo434959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo165913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo165917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo165916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo109738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo438068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo90058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Phaffia
denovo109733	Fungi
denovo28653	Fungi
denovo109735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo326456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo97180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo108061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo80857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo24375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Psilocybe	Psilocybe inquilina
denovo267257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo459105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo223423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo223420	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo142919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Nannizziopsiaceae	Nannizziopsis	Nannizziopsis crocodili
denovo390852	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo390854	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo38205	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo319065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo319066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo185449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo38200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo319062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo347388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo384819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo492118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Rhodotorula
denovo342159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo313608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo317517	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo130339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo130338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo14787	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo140212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo63627	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo140216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo140658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo199218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo34430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo406802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo40652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo456906	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo456905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo173258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo347652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora arundinis
denovo410543	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo51448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo4723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo250951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo173252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo51442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo173257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Nidulariaceae	Cyathus	Nidulariaceae
denovo51441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo406805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo166337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo59699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo449357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pertusariales	Megasporaceae	Aspicilia	Aspicilia rivulicola
denovo97556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo449351	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo393319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo478713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo449358	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo159720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Magnaporthe	Magnaporthe oryzae
denovo4729	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo264289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo67019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo279302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo338303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo314372	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo179886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo179884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo179880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo278651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo185632	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Albatrellaceae	Leucogaster	Albatrellaceae
denovo278654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo214255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo391816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella citrina
denovo146320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo477588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo462383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo462387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo462384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo141672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo325966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo226881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo67662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo423176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo325968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo147983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Alternaria terricola
denovo147986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo54678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo412339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo174702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo199969	Fungi	Calcarisporiellomycota	Calcarisporiellomycetes	Calcarisporiellales	Calcarisporiellaceae	Calcarisporiella
denovo348836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo54672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo348832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo188448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo58125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo296839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo310982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo310983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo456018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo196297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo412046	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo412047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo15259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo426069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo38121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo15250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo60549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo411534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo212289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo363247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo363246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo416748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo168768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo168762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo168765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo153000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo153001	Fungi
denovo146587	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo269550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo449259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo180257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Candida	Candida_digboiensis
denovo180255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo392542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo392544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo392545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo232728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo219162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo219163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo219161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo232722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo265666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo480850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo390031	Fungi
denovo140981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo390035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo390039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo196433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo192952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo136311	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo136310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo407567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo313981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae
denovo338595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo136318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo354311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Elaphomycetaceae	Elaphomyces	Elaphomyces muricatus
denovo354313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo57322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo95307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo19001	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo419741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo419742	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo419743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo5904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo197525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Naganishia adeliensis
denovo400697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo212752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo290294	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo176735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo389876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo297017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo469742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo158809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo86363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo180879	Fungi
denovo252442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo52317	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maculata
denovo178704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo419293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala
denovo170134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo1954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo378146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo298591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo1950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo53959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo53952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo171665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo451374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita	Serendipita herbamans
denovo481729	Fungi
denovo481723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo361706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo251234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo11436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo137047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo269442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo93469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo86965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo365979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo133755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo133756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo133757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo93466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo93464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo93465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo432009	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces pseudodichotomus
denovo104291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo104296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo103010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo109075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo399207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo483769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo483768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo399202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora
denovo259797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo351851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo249096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo155402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo249093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo222434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo107927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo387290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Cephalosporium
denovo6601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo355197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo474929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo295515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo387293	Fungi
denovo179073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo295512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbomycetes_incertae_sedis	Agaricostilbales	Kondoa subrosea
denovo290747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo179070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo158114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Wojnowicia	Wojnowicia dactylidicola
denovo358482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo358485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo465689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo195384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo128162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo312215	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo83061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo446559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo177544	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo83060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo177543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo254463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo264746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo189269	Fungi
denovo194388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo365354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo258770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo258771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo86345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo114610	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo365359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo205211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo428744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo205214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo247943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo253891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo253892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo35181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo275354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo275352	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo86686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo76029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Entodesmium
denovo275358	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo376894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo381484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo376892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo376890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo376891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo322821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Entodesmium
denovo448120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo104748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo395780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo101515	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo381480	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo395788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo210344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo364753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo486847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo107213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo275681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Erythrobasidiales	Erythrobasidiaceae	Erythrobasidium
denovo107215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo49069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo313167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta africana
denovo194926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo485629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo476782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo219995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo287222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo243066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo447603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo37253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea gamma
denovo195038	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo245891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo245890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo47386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo47387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena laevigata
denovo356451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo4820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo47121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo4825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo403675	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo153942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo407959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema
denovo31945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo409933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo345469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo153949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo192564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo192565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo127382	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo161356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo376278	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo161353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo127388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo7382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo205967	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo297821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo297820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo71279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo453694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo471781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo471786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo181393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella
denovo429104	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo445769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo445768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo268128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo268094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo259808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo214715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo184341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo443031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo252856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo443035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo68599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo367222	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo84235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo404493	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo475203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo143903	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo105501	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo328398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo328396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo328395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo328392	Fungi	Monoblepharomycota	Monoblepharidomycetes
denovo328391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo80930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo151892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo363900	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo85723	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo431720	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo273682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo330682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium
denovo117733	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo331559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo286660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo344731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo425907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales
denovo425906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo387929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo126470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo284289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo336681	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo284283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo442923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo283253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo242819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo324739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae
denovo238256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo461732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Archaeorhizomycetes
denovo62779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo335410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiotremataceae	Lophiotrema	Lophiotrema eburnoides
denovo244307	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo193891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo444560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo444561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo408324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo85182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Corticium
denovo474556	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo347273	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo85188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Scolecobasidium	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo472213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo273020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo180119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo167682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo167684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo119480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo119484	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
denovo459341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo119486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo119487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo202586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo267015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo243873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo427417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo466750	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo219207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma tephrensis
denovo427418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo478705	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo406117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo290663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo156819	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo229950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo386459	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo243874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo156817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo122387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo386458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo32998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo492356	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo50772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo150302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_luteo-olivacea
denovo436027	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo150307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo150308	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo433019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo436028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo343177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pezizaceae	Pezizales	Pezizaceae
denovo281677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo281673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo34239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo380713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo167026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizales
denovo167022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo19893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo383355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo358308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo383359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo121120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo121121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo408818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo121124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo54210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo466177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo302531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo260545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo52042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo260547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo260540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes
denovo129716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo129719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo260548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo207952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo207953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo369337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Glomerobolus	Glomerobolus gelineus
denovo19769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo19768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo373630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo373633	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo89985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo200986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe	Inocybe tenebrosa
denovo200987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo119151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo404283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo351586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo338542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo260093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo458561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales	Halosphaeriaceae
denovo260091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo351583	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo334469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo90594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo423417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo236282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo270645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo231069	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo18387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo18384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo274946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo337849	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo491111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo384766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo384760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo350279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo174545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo36919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo34904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo123419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo174549	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo128442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo134162	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo437816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo134161	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo490862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo209497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo236757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo334791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo345813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo334797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo209492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo490868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo209490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo30263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo299977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo476845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo67651	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arbusculina	Arbusculina fragmentans
denovo15095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo15097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo15096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo3778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma aloes
denovo467626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo444725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo9031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Zopfiella
denovo384497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo444726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo384495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea zeta
denovo427006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo43762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo272683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo368808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo460815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo228238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo386409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo51973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Roseodiscus	Roseodiscus subcarneus
denovo164646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo10572	Fungi
denovo176115	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo10578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo264737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea gamma
denovo14050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo265061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo13008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo454782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo55294	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo166060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo227917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo340289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo422439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo340284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Stigmina	Stigmina carpophila
denovo490246	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo456318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo87244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo8377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo231936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo231934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo132640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo197728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo21904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo311836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo311834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo469509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo70931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo469503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo394250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo225212	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo225210	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo139855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo465668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo465669	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo229544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo465660	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sacchari
denovo452207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo229548	Fungi
denovo416238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo197097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo197099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo170735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo415951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo149612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo149615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo483506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales
denovo440654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo415953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella nigra
denovo434567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo460105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo61160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo61161	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo89168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo305371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo482614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo112716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo271898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo485643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo271891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo483567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo307284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo307283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo143967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo266007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo222631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo222632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo319456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo465086	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo226744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo226745	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo226746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo226747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo311301	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo226743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo270154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo18609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo226748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo392947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo392944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo223322	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo304398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo39059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo485399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo23419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo158355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo211187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo158353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Phialocephala fortinii
denovo211182	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo404845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo20693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo134901	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma terricola
denovo134902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo306889	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo191196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo134905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo20695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo144469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo100629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo226295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo328912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo318505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo182728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo55311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo182727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo165890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo304024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo86612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Ilyonectria mors-panacis
denovo312763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo177035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo7784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo7787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo177031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo177033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo172003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo137458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo441293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo316073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo5318	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo172009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo137450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo267351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo316078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo441298	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo454203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo69092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo69090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo16525	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo66240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo453969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo453961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo159081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora
denovo159083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo225986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo225984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo29315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae
denovo484930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo484933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo29310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo29313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo106503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo142705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo142704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo140397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo142709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo232364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo34579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo356198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo279408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo158681	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
denovo192365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo232368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo159550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo198957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo173358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo96271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo246569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo173357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycotina	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo397237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo96279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo188000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Russulaceae	Russula	Russulaceae
denovo130100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum abnorme
denovo130101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo6666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo6668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo59157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo129390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo334757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo54192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo57428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo211840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo38347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo57420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo438217	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo65983	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
denovo349598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo26697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo473154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo65984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo410949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo23475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo169315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo479519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo410946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo206264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo391997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae
denovo10039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo264077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo360923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Peltigerales	Pannariaceae	Pectenia	Pectenia plumbea
denovo83934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo105929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo83933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo342937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo350737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo350735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo350734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo91727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo152563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo152561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo54739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo57748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo263868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo247217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo212672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella	Ophiosphaerella korrae
denovo400611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo465635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo295331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo263861	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo382033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo101999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo238018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo105923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo320419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo231350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo143159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo25921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo397904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo397907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo217116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium
denovo354297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo347827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Hebelomataceae
denovo397909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo105927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo157301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo157303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo468371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo444361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala
denovo56772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo377033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Oliveonia	Oliveonia_pauxilla
denovo467443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo240654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo240655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo248465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo248466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo475956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo475954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo45504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo244891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo45508	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria falcata
denovo45509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo244896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo411704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo255618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo389487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo418823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo186679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo39082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo101338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo177867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo153211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Trichaptum	Trichaptum_fuscoviolaceum
denovo186674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Capnodiaceae	Antennariella	Antennariella placitae
denovo218934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Dasyscyphella	Dasyscyphella longistipitata
denovo102971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo79857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo484257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Daldinia	Xylariaceae
denovo79853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo218939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo297450	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo175592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo175593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo427387	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo199458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo111167	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo183118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo277836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo232116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo232117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo363783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo213684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo298702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo324861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo154656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo120420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo203347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo86369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo203348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo395218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo308091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo359522	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo48903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo354128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo354129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo354127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo388286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo352609	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo78893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo355658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo329153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo329151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo290467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo290461	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo329155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo282388	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo298254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo41827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo297206	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo31334	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo31335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo47611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Subplenodomus	Subplenodomus apiicola
denovo409307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo81792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo117867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo117860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Paecilomyces	Paecilomyces penicillatus
denovo117862	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo117863	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo242494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia	Junewangia_lamma
denovo404301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo52107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo178511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo163839	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo194226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo302080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo163832	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo375503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo176026	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena belliarum
denovo371479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo371470	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo388463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo178900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo259617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo268504	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo268508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Passeriniella	Passeriniella_obiones
denovo379664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo351952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo254057	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo254058	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo332835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo250734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo188945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Hypocreomycetidae	Microascales	Microascaceae
denovo250738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Peltigerales	Peltigeraceae	Peltigera	Peltigeraceae
denovo461822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo428179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo441810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Conocybe semiglobata
denovo46578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo128285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo358728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo77549	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo77548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo48276	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo283477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo82219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo446454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo361200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo330629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Acrospermales	Leptodiscella
denovo48279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo159944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo156495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo51700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo402467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo37594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo463639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo195175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo32512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo369787	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo369784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo369785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Letendraea	Letendraea helminthicola
denovo401848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo477628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo416419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo406684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo452724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo401842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo60314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo204953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo71335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo6603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo373907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo239001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo140480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo7528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo6600	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo442223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina
denovo200701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo359894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma
denovo435348	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo98881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo368787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo287388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo335200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo287381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo287380	Fungi
denovo201256	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo113159	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo256367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo237376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo237375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo345340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo136771	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo79447	Fungi
denovo472817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo268192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo282404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo84685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo297789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo325382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo421916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo297781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo149452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo228963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes
denovo464849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo460347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo228966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo228964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo149458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo460349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo345692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo61368	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo285831	Fungi
denovo329985	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo129905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudogymnoascus	Pseudogymnoascus appendiculatus
denovo53	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo77965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo325658	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo64623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales
denovo64621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella phaeophysciae
denovo64852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo307040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo266248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo266245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo266247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo266246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo426246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo489156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo93147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium opacum
denovo202287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo74236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo103780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo103783	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Boletaceae
denovo65283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo65282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo191498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo110713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo110712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo110711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo119839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo286418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo437233	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo286414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo119831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo233322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo387773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo387775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo387774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo230983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo230982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo230984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo433937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Tuberaceae	Tuber	Tuberaceae
denovo436725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo436727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo343694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo343695	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo134297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo485341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo60055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo332319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo461566	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Hericiaceae	Hericium	Hericium alpestre
denovo267199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo89559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo62104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo414709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo332312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo280716	Fungi
denovo399465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo466693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo123996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo123994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo308249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo308244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo122644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Rosellinia	Rosellinia abscondita
denovo300819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo121598	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo459553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo111447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo279648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo436183	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales
denovo235448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo235444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo366653	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo163313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo279642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo271418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo85642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo38652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo1265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo366654	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo204039	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo472139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo54285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo96075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo429678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo390361	Fungi
denovo173196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo329216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo173192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo173190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo380507	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae
denovo131400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo31075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Arachnopeziza	Arachnopeziza aurata
denovo8846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo439986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo299836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo386261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo299830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo294803	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo57621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo57623	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo382613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo392333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo392332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo392335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo413168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo8099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo413165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo124772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo120649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo208937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo467128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo260359	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo208931	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo174970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo66732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo278597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo66730	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo412411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo252100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae
denovo15683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo15684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo15685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo484408	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo226964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo166858	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo18021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo452507	Fungi
denovo491095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo495783	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo491090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo89833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo97924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo435796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis
denovo439328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo307895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Bolbitiaceae
denovo311566	Fungi	Kickxellomycota	Kickxellomycetes	Kickxellales	Kickxellomycotina_incertae_sedis	Kickxellales	Kickxellaceae
denovo78307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo423620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo334615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo261756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo15533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo213870	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo193344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo193346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo261758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo217358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
denovo467785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo468574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Valsaceae
denovo467780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo221468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo83733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo384513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo384510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo393062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo348409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo393066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo14483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo157652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo304601	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo123201	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo348407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo121761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo464474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo419069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo125696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo340676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo196644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo400248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo365789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo84509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo344955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo494319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo255451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo35878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo221935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo133966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo329590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo448772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo61823	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Chytridiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae
denovo306762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo306766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora pulchella
denovo61824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo175756	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus xanthothrix
denovo170507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo170500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo170509	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo216081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo216082	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo13274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Junghuhnia	Junghuhnia nitida
denovo262221	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo318203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo190693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo179628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo456506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo456505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo58214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo58216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo171456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo58218	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo409562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo139956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo310774	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo456508	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo266902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo460585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo266904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma viride
denovo354723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo391514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo217682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo114461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo355098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo485057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo38066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo485051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo114467	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta graminicola
denovo94083	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo133384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo485059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Exserohilum	Pleosporaceae
denovo86538	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hydnangiaceae	Laccaria
denovo130725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo298490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo464063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo168455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo87866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo294781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo301925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo211686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo301923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo58665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo191875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo191876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo465432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo305231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo495957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo492351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo133035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo93363	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo352372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo396116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo440449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo176224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo176223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo415138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo307563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo136603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo101789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo319554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo293063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo319551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo319559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Panaeolus guttulatus var. guttulatus
denovo441263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo183688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Auriculariales	Auriculariales incertae sedis
denovo183684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo9410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo36549	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo45986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo55124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo378849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Ostropa	Ostropa barbara
denovo447877	Fungi
denovo55122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo182557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo182554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo182552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo378845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo45989	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo28766	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo191257	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo131896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo191258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo108555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo226151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo108559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo483069	Fungi
denovo483062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo97062	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo280663	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo393806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo353025	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo356018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo449449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo107065	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo489603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo441313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo194758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo46865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo198232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo405362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo35010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo198238	Fungi
denovo313339	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo471467	Fungi
denovo314646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo99023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae
denovo295819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo290861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo321175	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo295810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo471468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo496048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo396350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo189561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo484878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Annulatascales	Annulatascaceae
denovo484874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo179100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo411931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo411936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo51355	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo51353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo256163	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces	Sporobolomyces salicinus
denovo442752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo196989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo361954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo361952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo89337	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces acuminatus
denovo296548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo196984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo446044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo9165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo313594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo313595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo487527	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo83017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo487524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo140588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo389174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo471952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae
denovo83018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo140580	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo116413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo25689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo101816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo238197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo210842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo396971	Fungi
denovo396970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo28695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo379069	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo250868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Chrysosporium
denovo352812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo188218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo288811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo188212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo188211	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo178330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo317172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo317173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo140631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo317176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo349417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo40855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo394293	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo47804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo47807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo3214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Elaphomycetaceae	Elaphomyces	Elaphomyces muricatus
denovo320623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo320626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria
denovo320627	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo44570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo196326	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo44573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo443404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Pleurotheciales	Pleurotheciaceae	Pleurotheciella
denovo407272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo102543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo407270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo146744	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales	Stictidaceae	Cryptodiscus	Cryptodiscus microstomus
denovo146749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo146748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo426084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales
denovo26083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo409935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Reticulascaceae
denovo26088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo254279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo291018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo376558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo94412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo75044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Sordariales	Chaetomium succineum
denovo267976	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo167276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo41891	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo371788	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo167272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Immersiella	Immersiella caudata
denovo41896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo365221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo110150	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo110152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo261060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo373310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo88462	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo261251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo202732	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe conica
denovo202737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo187796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo336275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo261066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo336271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo232833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo80096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo80094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo27681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo427631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo359283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo81328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo359289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo481032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo81321	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo107887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo141219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo198558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo288100	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo157536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo358888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo358885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis eranthidis
denovo46048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo227118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo377202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales
denovo92847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo190868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo92844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo92843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo282884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo248618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo282886	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales
denovo245260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo308002	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo190862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo422187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo245267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo473177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo473175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Celosporium
denovo98760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo351560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo303652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo303654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo327107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo473179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo473178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo374574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo374573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo13503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo175252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo290058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo80639	Fungi
denovo427023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Sarcinomyces
denovo65125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo32891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo290052	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo240375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo363621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo240376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria proteae
denovo86968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo203060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo203068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo483837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo53461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae
denovo404111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo242283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo404115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo43133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo43132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Passeriniella	Passeriniella_obiones
denovo365661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo114107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleiochaeta	Pleiochaeta_setosa
denovo322083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo282266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo245489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_luteo-olivacea
denovo205726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo205728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo378782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo359758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo359752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo151265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo276359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo438774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo424642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo105908	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo76512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo251656	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo270216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo105905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo225702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo420734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo352030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo82074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo352036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo93007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo496177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo120401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo104052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo297436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo496178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae
denovo109329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo424981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo293503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo293500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo385448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo241025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo231766	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo30636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo30637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo156283	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo231760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo156280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo43795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo405646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo254246	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo235076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo156312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo205180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo37946	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Chytridiomycetes
denovo37941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo73929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo40448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo371204	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo151487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo151483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo155398	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo415265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo379430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo275889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo162359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia tsunedae
denovo376969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo5240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo465216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo465219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo157888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo221666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo29573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo495705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo19237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo358576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo328011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo103431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo110902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo364044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo334365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo364042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo87076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo420298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo367536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo89333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo360746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo367531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo274242	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo367539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo487456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo488400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo398473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo439049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo280132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo403569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo216264	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo439040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia
denovo490780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo1421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo383862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo383861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo413548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo431214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Trullula	Trullula_melanochlora
denovo330190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo431217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo286996	Fungi
denovo85364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo245656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo124895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo123328	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo408285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo442419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo408281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo123321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo284591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo478862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo256443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo334948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo478863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo41420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo209984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo423919	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo161194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo161190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo161192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo64458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo458378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo309014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo160249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo45966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo145076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo145070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Dictyosporium	Dictyosporium hughesii
denovo145072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo145073	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo434484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo145079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo345556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo409880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo23134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo345558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo79634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo368246	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces	Powellomyces hirtus
denovo329828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo331245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo465236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo79639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo329820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium oeirense
denovo277294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo277297	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo336735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo336732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaetaceae
denovo307366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo165994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo165997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo281777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo36708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo285648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo473605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo285640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo481852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo427628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo123818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo235897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Microascus
denovo149171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo96816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo123814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo481859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo385878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo34704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo385554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo96812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo423001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo479976	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo472552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo395309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo475620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo408916	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Hydnaceae	Hydnum
denovo472550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita
denovo4513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo173977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo59344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo260832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo246342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo207240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo207243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo356252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo229868	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo175061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo46988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo229860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo229862	Fungi
denovo144037	Fungi
denovo144035	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo465902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo286205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium
denovo286203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo286202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo119640	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo89691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo332290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo39738	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo332293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo478598	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo280692	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo277123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo478593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo271609	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo470345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Spiculogloeomycetes	Spiculogloeales	Spiculogloeaceae	Phyllozyma	Phyllozyma subbrunnea
denovo338070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo260785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo393391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo271604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo247736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo271606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae
denovo493863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo439822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo386033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo278964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Melanosporales	Hypocreomycetidae	Melanosporales	Ceratostomataceae
denovo220896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo220892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo137820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo220891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo306109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo62313	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo395986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporidiobolales	Rhodosporidiobolus colostri
denovo478629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo384893	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo121416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo280968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo40588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo179806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium carpinicola
denovo148621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo174832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo470348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo391891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo180560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Hypocreaceae
denovo443939	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastraceae
denovo272950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo427147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo422834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo422835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo163124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo55339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales
denovo50391	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo449937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo449935	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo456094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo165603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo278384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo278380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo451253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo357615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo492731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo357617	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Clavulinaceae	Clavulina	Clavulinaceae
denovo220275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo451251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo305458	Fungi
denovo67099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo173789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo84899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Gyoerffyella
denovo173781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo349653	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo338381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo491423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo333654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo496433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo496432	Fungi
denovo350968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo131280	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo131281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo490778	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo131283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo136069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo146504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo490770	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo339032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo136061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo334001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo299665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo299664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo299666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo299661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo299662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo132955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo132957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo299668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo132953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Muriphaeosphaeria
denovo385071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo166958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo26243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo166951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo489256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo341793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo341790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo341797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo341796	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo346167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo464624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo412622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo252731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo252734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo178030	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo10444	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo455544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sebacinales	Sebacinales_group_b
denovo261492	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo164556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo261494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo10443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo97063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo18271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo67513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo18274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo350342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo463160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo18278	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo18279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo338921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo350344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo265554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo265555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo265550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo212203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo265553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo64848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo362115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo362113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo81121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo362119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo217520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo60285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Lecanora	Lecanora sambuci
denovo489020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo288341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo288342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo169605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe
denovo169604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo461969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo338627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo482901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo384306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo384304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo482909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo386798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo228389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo27111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo27110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo131758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo407487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
denovo469211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo484535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo222126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo327347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo222120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo327341	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo327342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo495854	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo90776	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo391702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae	Oidiodendron	Oidiodendron maius
denovo465570	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo323844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo311414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo197306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo17146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales
denovo193688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo77616	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo494108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo355444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo485486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Candida	Candida	Candida tibetensis
denovo480105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo94474	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo179780	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo454635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo454634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo454633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo179787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo248367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo186204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo97240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo298049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo249017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo249015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo242045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo296327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo191685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo5094	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo255179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
denovo183521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo183527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo295594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo212975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo295590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo190086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo55628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo456774	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo225589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo210014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo394361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo77008	Fungi
denovo76754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo11522	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo362491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo175730	Fungi
denovo269864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo267841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo269867	Fungi
denovo397626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo114696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo352231	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo397622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo289563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo319758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo16234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo289565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo289564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo440765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo190338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo104214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo217124	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo225637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo146884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo144017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo293743	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo44897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo29408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo405088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo108749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo405083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo465283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo291672	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo326562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo55086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo223746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo326565	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales
denovo291675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Beauveria
denovo215315	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo6541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo6547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo101597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo186971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo101595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo158198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo101591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo315411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo195307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo321696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo136831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo395223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo200249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae	Phialocephala	Phialocephala virens
denovo379230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella
denovo476704	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo2045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo402360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo201199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Phanerochaetaceae
denovo257156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo178813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo178810	Fungi
denovo71767	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo447686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo157331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo245813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo447689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo245814	Fungi
denovo463873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo253813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus curtus
denovo253814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo253815	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
denovo338995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo486597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo491255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Amanitaceae	Amanita
denovo105670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo179197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo11270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo312876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo377042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo25186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo25187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo25180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo82573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo82570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo100248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo316143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo107299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Corynesporascaceae	Corynespora	Corynespora citricola
denovo489819	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Tetrapyrgos	Tetrapyrgos subdendrophora
denovo316147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo83224	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo106161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Raveneliaceae	Endoraecium	Endoraecium phyllodiorum
denovo384604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo64896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo356584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo105586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo328316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo151819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo328315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo283129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo398227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo314436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo147372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo151813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo256287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo256285	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo54027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo151921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo214197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo379901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo379903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo41227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Cystodermella	Tricholomataceae
denovo240425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo41224	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo41222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo92506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo196821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo5775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo128222	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo309252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo3029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo309251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo309254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo471166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo160002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo160007	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo253101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo253106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo70143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo253105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo399917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo68512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo259888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo213612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo360232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo74645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo420910	Fungi
denovo420913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo420912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo420914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Alutaceodontia	Alutaceodontia alutacea
denovo113635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo113637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo74649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo429896	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales
denovo429895	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo320781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo429892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo238785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo102664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo180190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo462516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo79345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo79341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo430011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo50636	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma
denovo430016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo322781	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo150077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo289953	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo219288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara	Chalara_clidemiae
denovo238436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo245387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo4550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo41917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo4552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo259265	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Phaffomycetaceae	Cyberlindnera	Cyberlindnera japonica
denovo447106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo45216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo187618	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo244380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo447109	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo187613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo63421	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo186569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo470610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo308611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo63428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo46139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo245037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Brachyphoris	Brachyphoris brevistipitata
denovo245036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo477869	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo477865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo56375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola oreochloae
denovo218881	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo218886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo477860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo360972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo257908	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo373508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo277724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo276099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo115959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo421790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Teratosphaeriaceae	Oleoguttula	Oleoguttula mirabilis
denovo276094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo208768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo90680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo474114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mytilinidiales	Mytilinidiaceae	Lophium	Lophium mytilinum
denovo423328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo234920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo351241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo351242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo89904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo303197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Helotiales	Vibrisseaceae
denovo204686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo303199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo244927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo398598	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo433098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo157762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo138962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo378333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo138961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo129465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo240235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo240236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo51196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo302827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo151039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma
denovo478017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo271378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo234697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo90686	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo383530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium psalliotae
denovo423494	Fungi
denovo387227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo286324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora_vesiculosa
denovo111098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo472617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo111092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo460910	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo403845	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo129792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo129790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo129794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo123496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo31752	Fungi
denovo90684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Sporidiobolales
denovo409768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo162095	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo123498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo254344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo209412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo72174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo424569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo138348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza	Hyalopeziza nectrioidea
denovo15017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo150924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo150923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo337779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo428445	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo333090	Fungi
denovo491621	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo104157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo491627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo490574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo165370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo339633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo429799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo339634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodosporidiobolus	Rhodosporidiobolus lusitaniae
denovo270022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helicodendron	Helicodendron luteoalbum
denovo156569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo270028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo435677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo52132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo335736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo366948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo366940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo85955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo335738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo120218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo34982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo478912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo346367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo120214	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo120217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo30409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo330013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo361621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo330016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo88299	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo286811	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo139765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo258104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo135613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo417858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo62546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo402000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo37758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo111113	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo37755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo37753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo14760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo60306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pyrenophora	Pyrenophora japonica
denovo350609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo86138	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo371010	Fungi
denovo85258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo264957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo124449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo164026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo264958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo230592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo346986	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo230590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo346983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo19066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo421237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo421236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo421238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo427555	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo75258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo75252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo64273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo367706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo491990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora pseudovitensis
denovo271816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo133512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo22455	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo478005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo431009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo234172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo238849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo284416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo391271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo70825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo20343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo154682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo437520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo434943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo311386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo437528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo311380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo170957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo170956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo300406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neonectria major
denovo92171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo344277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo24857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo384220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo384223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo170959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo304316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo494475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo439581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo304312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo494478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo149694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo307755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella
denovo58362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Meruliaceae	Ceriporia	Ceriporia reticulata
denovo303831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo303833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo456157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo303837	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo62433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo306809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo394463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo210085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo454534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo168824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo165817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo483845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo339999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Gnomoniaceae	Ophiognomonia	Ophiognomonia sogonovii
denovo118410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo438189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo285531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo76250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo388941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo266085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo418896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo29649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo79272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo454287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo279959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo21437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo227473	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo454289	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo145558	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo270853	Fungi
denovo493123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo438237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lemonniera	Lemonniera centrosphaera
denovo421365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo134981	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo479831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma yunnanense
denovo272569	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma
denovo223436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo24143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo384912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo384910	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo246655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo469800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo106800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo1289	Fungi
denovo469806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo302767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo38099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo319235	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo266623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo8755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Capnobotryella
denovo172084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo413024	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo347116	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo448943	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo49168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo260667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo349636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia longisporopsis
denovo124050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo390846	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo11076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo228597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo108239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo164856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo164858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo108233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo108232	Fungi
denovo166569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo152650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo279226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo445178	Fungi	Mucoromycota	Mucoromycetes	Mucorales	Mucoraceae	Mucor	Mucor hiemalis
denovo152656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo356779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo147576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Clitopilus
denovo147574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Deniquelata	Deniquelata barringtoniae
denovo195850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo356773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo147579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo356776	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo386203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo172629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri
denovo391913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo440064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo468045	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales
denovo221954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo238503	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo341618	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo340755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo341616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo468049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo314147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo348978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo174664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo247295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo148875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo348971	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo348975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo348976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo348977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo98690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo456112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo334023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Apiosporaceae	Arthrinium	Arthrinium garethjonesii
denovo456117	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo237236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo394982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo412122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo462114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo67110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo411472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo146560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo411477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo116844	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo60467	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo7280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo253693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo385237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo11927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo11926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo48480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo26160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo21399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudogymnoascus	Pseudogymnoascus appendiculatus
denovo21398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo223887	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo21394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo368094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo13566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo262535	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo398183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo80449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo219046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo190987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo80447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo469395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo469396	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo340568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo407607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo399856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo192851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo142410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo402452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo294468	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo217197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo354217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo349378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo392751	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo419663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo313734	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo193181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo392758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium conicum
denovo193186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo419668	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo145969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo464014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo348021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo348026	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo395296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo390666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo410781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo399588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo301418	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo410784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo475965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo252563	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo252567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanoromycetes	Megasporaceae	Aspicilia	Aspicilia goettweigensis
denovo249733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo252564	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo45582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo187366	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo187365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo187362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo255693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales
denovo175048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo392969	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo171741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo171740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo297289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo297288	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo445181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo445180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo171749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo176539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo268670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo481449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo443912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo443910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo241299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo481443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales
denovo481441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo357110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo63514	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo489275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo288554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo288552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo183194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo183191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo400371	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo485561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo133899	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo393405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo290392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo399329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo77632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales
denovo151632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_secalis
denovo399325	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo151630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo77638	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo307413	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo327556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo242360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo327553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo446989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo155521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo155520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo242369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo155525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo136510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo255037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia mediterranea
denovo418202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo103281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo473859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo103285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo109620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo293153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo252759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo158018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo473853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo109629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo109628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo155291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Myxocephala	Myxocephala_albida
denovo486147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo486144	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo155292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo441403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo441401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo269983	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo114554	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo292826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo292824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo314970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo379634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Solenopezia	Solenopezia solenia
denovo378353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales
denovo104397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo378351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo378350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora oryzae
denovo378354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo400047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo379003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo185734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo185733	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo312489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo275252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo156367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo258128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo322905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo322904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo86157	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo49490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo397472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo396622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo448004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo215290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo315591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo315593	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo200785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo82436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo364417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo76279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo82438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo107158	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo359812	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo98800	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo405290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo243103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria ramulariae
denovo106823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo83524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo243107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo378979	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo291424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo245996	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo395937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo106829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo215122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo392963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo487239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo403732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Lophodermium
denovo406922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo192445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo31824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo192441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo2237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo2234	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo445409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo445402	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo206835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo181292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo199340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo206830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo206832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo70847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo50936	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo50930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo252959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo367146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo84175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo129980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo375804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo105422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo463290	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo105427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo181128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo348588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo151994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo181125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo181122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo403195	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo218762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo80877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo210578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo283689	Fungi
denovo214655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo214651	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo265574	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo213009	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo387805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Roseodiscus	Roseodiscus subcarneus
denovo344074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo213005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo213002	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo79081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo445481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo126536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo103700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo358022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo283359	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo480276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo99039	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo70260	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo103708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo336969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo44041	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Fuscoporia	Fuscoporia ferruginosa
denovo44042	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo363848	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Sistotrema
denovo44044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo323622	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo286493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo30887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo62632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo244227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo370548	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo244229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo473880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo160616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo470137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo470134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo273344	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo180655	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo269157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo110463	Fungi
denovo459267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo486193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo309771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo309773	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo187003	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo309776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo408174	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo258945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo478496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo408178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo235993	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo203555	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomus
denovo203557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo119281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo117169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo110798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo285211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo117163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo285215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo117167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo141031	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo489004	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo475091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo322570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo322572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo436102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo88166	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo308798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo245179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo282973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo245175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo150228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo308790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo360586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascobolaceae
denovo167349	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo380052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo380051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo371635	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo359040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo457880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo98074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae	Caloplaca	Caloplaca concreticola
denovo173114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo329292	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo129619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo124260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo129614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo124263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo124264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo173118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo173119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo120979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo375394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo470865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo470866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo470868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora mustea
denovo120972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo207693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo308427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo308424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales
denovo308425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo466510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo369276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Lindgomyces	Lindgomyces lemonweirensis
denovo358960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo204523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo96226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo358961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo147621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo458606	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo488813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo488810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo488814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo234710	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo483194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Cladosporium ramotenellum
denovo234716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo328823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo270721	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo367930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo347759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo270724	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo270727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo382565	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo382561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo275938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo205341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo496049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo350537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo428637	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo120394	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo338751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo496046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo338756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo496044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo120393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo174466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo134048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo174461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo174460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bovista promontorii
denovo128566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo304938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo134040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo20936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo423560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo236413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo236414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo462752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo30300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo231290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo316649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo472424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo452851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo231298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo384597	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo341364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo341361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo61039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo120020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo120021	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo285231	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo58483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo123280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo344589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo306276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo453453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo453451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo125613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria
denovo270186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo125616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo461051	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo461050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo201848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo201849	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo452581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo201847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo201842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo13762	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo339404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo139489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Acephala	Acephala_applanata
denovo310086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo484016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo220552	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta europaea
denovo438416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo135798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo135799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo122883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae	Lecanorales	Parmeliaceae
denovo91251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo122885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo420351	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo420350	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo235142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo37652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo37650	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo463082	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo467700	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo235144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo190614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22397	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo78488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cercophora
denovo345065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo225317	Fungi
denovo340015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo345061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo345063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo468133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo490059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo394510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo345068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo132077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo202190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo164181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo436953	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo416379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo59876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Botryobasidiaceae	Botryobasidium
denovo130879	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo300300	Fungi
denovo416375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo440119	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo460066	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo460061	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo316969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo431636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo370562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo431634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo377670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo433952	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo12490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo385342	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo385346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo94451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae	Polyscytalum	Polyscytalum pustulans
denovo89283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo216009	Fungi
denovo470893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo265230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae
denovo64347	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales
denovo14266	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo28099	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo54225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo263172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo263173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo451746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo354944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo222576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo304942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo391333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo455053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo311020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo226663	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo89751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo355011	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo491547	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo355013	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Trichaptum	Trichaptum_fuscoviolaceum
denovo494531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo355019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo1852	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo488069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Sporormiaceae
denovo1857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo53643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo158255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo131817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo131811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo131810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo134823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo144502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo437771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Incrucipulum	Incrucipulum radiatum
denovo100704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo134824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Furcaspora	Furcaspora eucalypti
denovo100709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo52969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo134828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo18897	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo492977	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo492979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo185331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Trichocomaceae
denovo1581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo201670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo189659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo312642	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo7864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo189654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo316730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo414262	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo316735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo236735	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo16644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo457742	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo414768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Belonioscyphella	Belonioscyphella hypnorum
denovo483353	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo457748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo453845	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo456834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo456838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Dactylaria	Dactylaria dimorphospora
denovo9479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo272240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo272241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo392171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Mastigobasidium
denovo454094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora	Cadophora_finlandica
denovo392175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo227206	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo1327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo393888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo393889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae	Colpoma
denovo88904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo321240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo356097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo212299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo492029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo313510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo313516	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo313517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo349942	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo349947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo140501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Stagonospora
denovo199105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo199101	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo199102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo295896	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo295897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo295891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo340848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo88847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo376629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo342578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo342577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo2744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo376622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo26557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo26553	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo169219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo484227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Gaeumannomyces	Gaeumannomyces radicicola
denovo166247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo166241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Leucopaxillus	Leucopaxillus giganteus
denovo412535	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella avenacea
denovo152191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo152197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo356639	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo181726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo210779	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo50480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo422113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo50488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo214097	Fungi
denovo417108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo455874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo10171	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo10170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo455871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo152448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo91641	Fungi
denovo113188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium_trabinellum
denovo263943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo295271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo480075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo247314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo295275	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo25608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Cladosporium exasperatum
denovo315914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo44283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo192133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo264626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo217019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo349237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora	Alatospora acuminata
denovo69025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo406764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo199814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo77586	Fungi
denovo27605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo348728	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Entomophthoromycetes	Entomophthorales	Entomophthoraceae
denovo143367	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentellopsis	Thelephoraceae
denovo68917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo131042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo324366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo131041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo4740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo4749	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
denovo481782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo269392	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo311927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
denovo141297	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo475856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo5834	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo288185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo475858	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo45628	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo427753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo240049	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo219367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo427756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo377283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo418905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo186736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo7092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo53179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo485403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo53174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo101270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo177947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo117368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo26237	Fungi
denovo170620	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo170629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo395319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo395316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo267689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo390141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo359208	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo359200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo136402	Fungi
denovo98274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo132539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo132537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo132536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo90062	Fungi	Rozellomycota	Gs06
denovo132530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo138533	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo329055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo322001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo290588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo94760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella avenacea
denovo150751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo433440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoromycetidae	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae
denovo363584	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Bolbitius	Bolbitius titubans
denovo186192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo410572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Sporormiaceae
denovo348269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo241315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae
denovo241311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo158931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo242750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo327180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo227043	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo242754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo419366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo242758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo178416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo178415	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo55793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo302162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo243806	Fungi
denovo55797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo326275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo55795	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo418014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo129368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo176703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hubertusii
denovo83450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo149487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo227049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo268423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo268422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo293581	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo268426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo268425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo293585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo323977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo90682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo323975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo268428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo404196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo396661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo379704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo401989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo76846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo76843	Fungi
denovo76842	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo17256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo17251	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo361175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo483787	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo392885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo77464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo77465	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo103126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo353696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo432711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo353693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo353692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo259484	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo432719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo155315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo200083	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo123192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo105987	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo105981	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo156756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo29935	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Suillaceae	Suillus	Suillaceae
denovo49845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo292989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo49842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo29933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo314833	Fungi
denovo152830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo104634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo328099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo152836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo66914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo328097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo328096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo104638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo128017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo92354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo355915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo369666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales
denovo430419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae
denovo312360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo401926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo296742	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo107581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo107587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo402696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo43714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo43716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo292677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo292676	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Derxomyces	Derxomyces komagatae
denovo198773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo292674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo257465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo205106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo51946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo402698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo51944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo408755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Acrostalagmus	Acrostalagmus luteoalbus
denovo67986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo76333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo254845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo48416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo359991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo359992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo188888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo49263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo37498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo257798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo106980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo37491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo39411	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo206666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo70659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo70656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium	Sarocladium summerbellii
denovo209902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo275771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo368133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo102740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo435157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula
denovo435156	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo472910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo368139	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Ossicaulis lachnopus
denovo62285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo282725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo413236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo448238	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo281268	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo281269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo483607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo116110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo460263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo285979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe tanakae
denovo438719	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo430525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo205819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo205818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo205817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo430528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo205815	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales
denovo205814	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo71307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo325115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo64107	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo76664	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo445610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Biappendiculispora	Biappendiculispora japonica
denovo415337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo75683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo443721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo259973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo454622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo33550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo105218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo475331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Phaeolus	Phaeolus schweinitzii
denovo274422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo309091	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo274420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo54918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo228848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo74372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo366662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo366667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo362969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo362968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo117646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis bacilliformis
denovo144746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo285390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo75975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo331422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo425871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo430388	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo387631	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo30921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo74089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo30923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo277210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo180847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo294961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo343959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo417075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo324645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo284373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo28980	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo343957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo323019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo285022	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo417070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo465987	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo461603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella
denovo323012	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo125073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo286285	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo125077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo125074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena metata
denovo332214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo447408	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo408037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo280616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo121947	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo121944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo35259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo160423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo366087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo466955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo123894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo63956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturia populina
denovo123898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo308327	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Typhulaceae	Typhula
denovo172475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo264861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo48850	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo125381	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo306187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo306186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo125386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo172479	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo62396	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo272480	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo343379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Dacrymyces	Dacrymyces minutus
denovo163211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo287884	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo73537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo73534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo411659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo204771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo96134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo96133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo305989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo150410	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo279076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo337069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo337060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo491930	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo279079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo271680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo34122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo34124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo38464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo271687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria breviramosa
denovo34127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo342779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo96683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo96685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo121234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo23998	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo342772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo342776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo121233	Fungi
denovo483127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo129006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo302401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo413045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo129002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo4880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo421628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo237970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo237973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo171672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo237974	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Gibberella tricincta
denovo237977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo237976	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo409072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo231483	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo10375	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo231480	Fungi
denovo9909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo231488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria
denovo79790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo18142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo458419	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo463471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo458412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo260160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo488602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo439248	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo91835	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo422765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo20871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Brachyphoris	Brachyphoris oviparasitica
denovo278302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo165687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo236594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo236595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo423708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo236592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo259010	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo221503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo491207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo230289	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo221506	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo230283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo123560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo131205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo348524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo340737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo139079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo139072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo139071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora chaetospira
denovo196129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo141056	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo137337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo21836	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo21837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo193572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo137333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo21832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo335357	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo316919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo56323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales
denovo387708	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo197659	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo193579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo489526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo286440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo92992	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo228305	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo306407	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Phacidiales	Phacidiaceae	Phacidium	Phacidium pseudophacidioides
denovo28216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo125800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo125807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo125805	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo125808	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo425224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo97510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo137054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Tomentella	Tomentella lilacinogrisea
denovo341969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo183255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo183258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Leptosphaeriaceae	Leptosphaeria
denovo255245	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo344517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo262142	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo295665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo425220	Fungi
denovo422541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo422542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo422543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo456264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo139696	Fungi
denovo340190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo266861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo78470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo394491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo481237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo26822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo495584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo495583	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo78477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leohumicola	Leohumicola_terminalis
denovo482763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo482761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo202106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo289075	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo428656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo289071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo289070	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo289072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo168555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo190001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo494345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo78478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo434361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo418589	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo399174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo399170	Fungi
denovo310548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo135235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo391782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo311491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo408450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo133170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo94212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo421072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo27886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella
denovo355224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo133177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo140094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo317796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo298620	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo307446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo176146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo298627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo298624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo101666	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo38667	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo315327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo12266	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales incertae sedis
denovo146806	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo294132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Tricholoma	Tricholomataceae
denovo294133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Comoclathris sedi
denovo294135	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo229160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo229162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo172861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Ilyonectria macrodidyma
denovo248150	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo483718	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo433160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo450314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo271865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo490969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo483491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo315496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae
denovo8263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo211340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo451952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo464261	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo131990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo464260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo131994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo191614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo327607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo20053	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo17725	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo18915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo18913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo223218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo485266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo326071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo483149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo45799	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo483146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo312567	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312562	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo143542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaeta
denovo191063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo143541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo316676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo316672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo226365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo188820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo89505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo39476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo195527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo148096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo465138	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo158772	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo38705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo195529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo214443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo396251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo489897	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo396258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo193061	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo201115	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo448430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo448433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo193064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo250360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo454114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo11189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo379988	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo70414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo193067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo11187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo11186	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo11184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo446726	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo468432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo446720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo56515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo364008	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo493855	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium stepposum
denovo78595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo447693	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo468434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo487645	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo157229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo273531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo253183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo253185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo180445	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo146395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo146398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo159423	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo213696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo26452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo213694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo213695	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo217933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo325755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo55912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo26458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo325753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastrum marginatum
denovo55917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo140771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo140772	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo6796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo404055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo471250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo3315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo66159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo25811	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo238703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo25814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo146029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo146024	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo196241	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo241683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo493994	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo412091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo2959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo162285	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo294958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo276147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo447456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo8874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo419970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo6247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Ophioceras	Ophioceras dolichostomum
denovo447458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo116759	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo116758	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo410833	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo410838	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo377585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo445933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo167531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Eurotiomycetes_incertae_sedis	Eurotiomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo117088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo41203	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo383134	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo360818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo261359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo412547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo252274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo233081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo447181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo261357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo183937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo453477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo183939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo72240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo320706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo348880	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo320703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo320702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo63936	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo110363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris
denovo288064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo257984	Fungi
denovo257985	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Leucosporidiales	Leucosporidiaceae
denovo105358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo400649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo157274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo141555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo90188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces
denovo72248	Fungi
denovo322700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps xuefengensis
denovo398342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo377320	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Neohygrophorus
denovo92966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo27417	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo389240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo92968	Fungi
denovo308126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo242654	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae
denovo242650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo303113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
denovo354633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo291822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo90230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
denovo43535	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Flagelloscypha
denovo175358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo300861	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo377422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo258539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo411011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo258531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo80578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo80579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo46426	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo64519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo207406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo207405	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
denovo248081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo67440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo248088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo189831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo204173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo427112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo52075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo249358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo74857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo46689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo427272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo329394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Melanommataceae	Petrakia
denovo232022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo359418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo276018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo399433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo359416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo251113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma sublaevisporum
denovo156652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo304193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo377525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo332949	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo105821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo105820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo439088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo474991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo461709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo319	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo120521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo253162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo310	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo401068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo241104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo216633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo404015	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena amicta
denovo479068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo231645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo382260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo231646	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo371296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Postia	Fomitopsidaceae
denovo194354	Fungi
denovo479066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo382269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo163946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo163940	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo235736	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo235738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo302398	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae
denovo302399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo73806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo120294	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo73808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo373836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae
denovo181476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo67832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo373832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo373831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo67831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo250644	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo425654	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo68534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo98537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo421544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo19570	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo328110	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo371096	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo358432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo358434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Septoria oenanthicola
denovo358435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo99444	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo72794	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo128193	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Kondoa	Kondoa yuccicola
denovo432509	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo371099	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo61849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo334243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo364124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo82324	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo334248	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo68387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoromycetidae	Lecanorales
denovo486254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo102351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo83490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo367477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo83494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo335115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo367478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Articulospora
denovo346904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Phaffia
denovo66390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo280074	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo280075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo407406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo403685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Tremellaceae
denovo330098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo234463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo234461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo420334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo330093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo471040	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo463907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo280389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Passeriniella	Passeriniella_obiones
denovo37136	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Ascosphaeraceae	Ascosphaera
denovo287765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo287768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo403357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo422387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo478088	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo422382	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula
denovo70756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
denovo442351	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo442350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo41505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo41501	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo161093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo456096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo416891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo416894	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo64366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo416898	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo123170	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo123173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo123172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo64560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo123179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo123178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys
denovo366788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo330631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena maurella
denovo364873	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118943	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo364871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo364875	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo31995	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo111845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo368365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia	Tumularia aquatica
denovo360177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo236912	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo236913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo236914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo331324	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo331327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Dictyosporiaceae	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae
denovo236917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo395550	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo284239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo113574	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Xylaria
denovo64369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo345768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo315465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo118493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo61290	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo23763	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo36427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo229360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo23768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo71740	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo232926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo434196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo334860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo307131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo167678	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo368710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amniculicolaceae	Murispora	Murispora hawksworthii
denovo65048	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo423165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria aconiti
denovo399460	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo423166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo335804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo490039	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo270961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta exitialis
denovo475104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo475105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo241485	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Tranzscheliella	Tranzscheliella williamsii
denovo457311	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo457312	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo207369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo207368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo118236	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo207362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo118232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo207360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo229986	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo229984	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo110002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo79364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo286569	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo344414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo242660	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo277001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo39673	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo35193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora chaetospira
denovo436613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo78332	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo224056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo271525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo208483	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo271522	Fungi
denovo484880	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo276752	Fungi
denovo276751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo271528	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo144284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Myxotrichaceae
denovo386173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrella fagetophila
denovo484789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Comoclathris sedi
denovo62218	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Gigasporales	Gigasporaceae	Scutellospora
denovo125225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo62217	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo332004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Rhodotorula
denovo413948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo280802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo478701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo384999	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo246102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo65765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo50763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo50764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo20442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo59890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo462267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo351061	Fungi
denovo413130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo469938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo287237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo215679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo347194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo467893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo163000	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo168337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo168334	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo395845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo58688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo162753	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Tubulicrinaceae	Tubulicrinis
denovo162757	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo453340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo270695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo270697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo215670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Ostropales
denovo357712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo270692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo209758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo440179	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo450921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo270699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo385481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo135416	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo67197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo22663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Panaeolus antillarum
denovo124172	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo413363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo337239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo460047	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo362470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo445284	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo333751	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo153165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo278176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo196081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo225096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo146626	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo438924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo57753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo438921	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo57755	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo57756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Acrospermales	Leptodiscella
denovo438922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo190189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo342925	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo173571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo173575	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo445982	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo21318	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo41973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo404345	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Melanoctona	Melanoctona tectonae
denovo252079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo484017	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo136298	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala atra
denovo144416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo455428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo495178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo142283	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo164698	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo59767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo59766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo59765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo338848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo338846	Fungi
denovo338845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo59768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae
denovo338841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo301494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo301496	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo180938	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo301499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo288267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo10656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo10657	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo261627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo288261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo261625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo400480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo141393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo169526	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo489148	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo485877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo384469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo485872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo91140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo384466	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo91149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo131418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo142362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo390370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo327267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo351407	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo327265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo354437	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo396433	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo222041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo327260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Leptodontidium
denovo132143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo132140	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo495792	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo495791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo311510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo17023	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_agropyri
denovo205957	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia rishiriensis
denovo56151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo56153	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo468956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo355521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo418539	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas	Crocicreas tomentosum
denovo494226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo494227	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo494220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo290313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo22156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo389731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo418537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo248241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo464097	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo386907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo298126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo306614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo306612	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo306610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo44832	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo446903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo98827	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo49688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo175620	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo175621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo300721	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo300722	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo13303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena belliarum
denovo3927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo13300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo13306	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo216793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo318335	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo227638	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo295498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo295499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo168695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo456430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo456436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo263664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Laburnicola	Laburnicola dactylidis
denovo450108	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo17681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo267966	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo269901	Fungi
denovo269900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo223390	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo392997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo93166	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo397741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo246215	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo397749	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo190270	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo298784	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo130432	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo190277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo440686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo440683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo440682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo63089	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo483847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Hypocreales incertae sedis
denovo225770	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo225771	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo109335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo493791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo293662	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo97847	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo23202	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo194599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo49418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Wilcoxina	Wilcoxina rehmii
denovo17972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo97386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo60702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo53360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo215218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo1431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo215211	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo6424	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae	Trechispora
denovo1435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo221872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo1436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo315510	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo440530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo298875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella
denovo158091	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo321951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo451851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria hirta
denovo321955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo312154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo312158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo251750	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Ganodermataceae
denovo251752	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo476062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo313203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo313200	Fungi
denovo313207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Trematosphaeriaceae	Trematosphaeria	Trematosphaeria hydrela
denovo476065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo246352	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo46998	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo250080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo14949	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus	Helotiaceae
denovo245911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo445330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo199614	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Crepidotaceae	Simocybe	Simocybe reducta
denovo199617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo182426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo483261	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo53032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo319177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo8016	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica xeroderma
denovo79940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo11684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo200474	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo11687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales
denovo426560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo200471	Fungi
denovo76144	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo76145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo425563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo76147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo107668	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo201706	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo257361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo274127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Muriphaeosphaeria
denovo181218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo445487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium
denovo445485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo356128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo240989	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo321377	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces	Spizellomyces dolichospermus
denovo356125	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo218271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo356121	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo224551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo396192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo249802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo210067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo100362	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo469333	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycetes	Pezizomycetidae	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo389617	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo100364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo357831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo108177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo357833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo108172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo159326	Fungi
denovo274695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo274699	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo126821	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo126825	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo54149	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo151914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo151910	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo54141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo336665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo442595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo442594	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo283607	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo446689	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo91122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo157073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo160122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo483555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo471042	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Neotyphodium	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo471047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo91067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo154989	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo296434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo154984	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo296431	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo210681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo68413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Glarea
denovo83309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo331122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo83300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo331127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo160690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis
denovo219656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo219657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo336470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo206168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo480184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo212683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo480180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo206163	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo268820	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo429991	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo101962	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo101964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo434374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo241766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo241762	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo2852	Fungi
denovo493900	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo79261	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo331691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo331692	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo352924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo26647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo349524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo390233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo235914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo324299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo473954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo320934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo464430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo238574	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo184685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo167479	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo285290	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo33923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo33922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo33925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo327923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo431737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo243400	Fungi
denovo309440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes
denovo484733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara	Chalara_hyalocuspica
denovo308716	Fungi
denovo308710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo308711	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo248763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo495698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo430067	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo117299	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo430060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo79886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo373263	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes
denovo373266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo344433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo491786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo20132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo155769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo78133	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo187086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo114920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo202422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo427590	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo74455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo427592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo114929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo73103	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae
denovo186351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Gs33
denovo208649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo19687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo421856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo362260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo90379	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo354779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo351368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo200865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo90372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo200861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo233541	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo233545	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Yunzhangia_auriculariae
denovo233546	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo157404	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella globalpina
denovo244843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo145109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo435686	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo138841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo329747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo466524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo138842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales
denovo457303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo343495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo276220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo383470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo412922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymosphaeriaceae	Didymosphaeria
denovo98615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo234797	Fungi
denovo401183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo236329	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo472670	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo401189	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo349796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo126019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladium	Sarocladium_implicatum
denovo332572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo126011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo375319	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo370790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo95623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena flavoalba
denovo346952	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo494347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo406426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo401231	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Phylloporia	Phylloporia ribis
denovo477077	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo42723	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Incrucipulum	Incrucipulum sulphurellum
denovo286173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo469962	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo491505	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo374957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo494342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo368501	Fungi
denovo290171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo368504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo370241	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo205610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo163572	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo154174	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo378098	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo281990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo458689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo270108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo254578	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo270105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo254577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo254572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo156444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo420029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo458341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo302052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo120317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Lindgomyces	Lindgomyces apiculatus
denovo120313	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo409401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo139406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo299259	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo361107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo299251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo299252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo299255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo127830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae
denovo44212	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Oculimacula
denovo127834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo135711	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo127838	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo67978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo402767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo463006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo432716	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo489664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo189636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo301654	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo164100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo264851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo442885	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo257007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo465404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Patellariales	Patellariaceae	Banhegyia
denovo305728	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo309872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo9202	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo341939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo309876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo465406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo14159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo309875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo309878	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo441870	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo40063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo422779	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Monosporascus
denovo369752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo429500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo423827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo75195	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo426853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo426851	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo311752	Fungi
denovo221286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo174427	Fungi
denovo488578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo311754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo488573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo280225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo22314	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria
denovo280228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo228751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo478219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo228752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo464252	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo444814	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo464250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo20225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo20223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo75442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo437440	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo437449	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo465128	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo416917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo170857	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo300520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo64693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Hormonema	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo3464	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo403861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo416595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo123035	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Nodulisporium
denovo422199	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo422197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo123039	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo304459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo12417	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo430143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo377146	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo341861	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo265818	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo384073	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo384072	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo265811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo35548	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Pseudodidymosphaeria
denovo265813	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo168906	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo434792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo281175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes
denovo281170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo308836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo79748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo144854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo144856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo466305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo285881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo29761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella indecorata
denovo450473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo450474	Fungi
denovo450477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo401596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo444258	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo454360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes
denovo420840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo145456	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo145450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Meristemomyces	Meristemomyces frigidus
denovo434862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo434863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Rachicladosporium
denovo434864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo61462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo270955	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo438372	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo144583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo306964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo306966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo144587	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo144586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo246119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo466648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo39827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo21683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo466641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo246114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo227283	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo227280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Pseudeurotium	Pseudeurotium ovale
denovo469923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo110517	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo171817	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo34630	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo415756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo415754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo185531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo72114	Fungi
denovo389951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo424544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo302933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo269326	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo108392	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae	Plenodomus	Plenodomus collinsoniae
denovo457126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo459353	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo208360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo8563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo97393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo11332	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo365513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo159129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo159128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium
denovo108370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo108372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo159126	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo169296	Fungi
denovo163630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae
denovo337377	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Grovesiella	Grovesiella abieticola
denovo279146	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo163637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo271775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina
denovo335163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo247646	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo271772	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo97647	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo319997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo247648	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo54383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo54380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo386323	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo386322	Fungi
denovo487177	Fungi
denovo214017	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo278810	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo414400	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo172547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo159691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo159696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo332633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo332631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo198854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo347013	Fungi
denovo198857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula occidentalis
denovo147748	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo314068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo314063	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo148934	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo346764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo147744	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo147747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo432434	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo253266	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Oculimacula	Oculimacula yallundae
denovo66789	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo363325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo247399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium pyriforme
denovo143054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo143055	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo66785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo227220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo44204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo13411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Calyptrozyma
denovo44201	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo44209	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo417272	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo363982	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo9214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo417274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo197594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo60789	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo181941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo341081	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo50263	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo50267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo153644	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo101064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo153640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo385679	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo180019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo23864	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo23867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo23861	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo342683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Hyponectriaceae
denovo261122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo67785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo261127	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo363331	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo60253	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo262477	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales
denovo13403	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula
denovo490550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo94890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo139375	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo139365	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo339728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo82924	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo294500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo392659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo392655	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo122376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium glutinans
denovo57128	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo141746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo141740	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo130971	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo463766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo130974	Fungi
denovo56834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo348105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo324902	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo145843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo464757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo464755	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo156802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo348109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo82380	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo136486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo136485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo136481	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo313874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo388361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo412933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo301350	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo142095	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo197499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo95094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo178143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo122378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo419053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo261788	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo175121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo255959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo249252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo416634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo176473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo53712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo53713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo176476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Mycosphaerella	Mycosphaerella tassiana
denovo12751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales
denovo81050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo263781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo117903	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo117902	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo435619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo388093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo388097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo217632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo388094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo68145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo261872	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo100501	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo178491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo468858	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae
denovo100506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo261874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales
denovo193442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo193443	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo261879	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo178499	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea alpha
denovo193446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo193444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo39273	Fungi
denovo360184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Physalacriaceae	Flammulina	Marasmiaceae
denovo265176	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo22052	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo262782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo265175	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo262786	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo393520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo487540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo48642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo263430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo236926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo399044	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo481652	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo351614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo222236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Scleromitrula	Scleromitrula spiraeicola
denovo288764	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo491790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo137752	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo255379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo255378	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo137758	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo439954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo295753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo42317	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo494078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dissoconiaceae	Ramichloridium	Ramichloridium indicum
denovo109100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo477275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo477276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo401438	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo113586	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo296210	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo327760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo177782	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo441566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo292909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo177785	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo177789	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo343822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae	Lecidella	Lecidella carpathica
denovo198447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo365597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena alba
denovo365595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo194141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo212804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo198448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo390131	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo318102	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo77179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Deconica phyllogena
denovo85341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo318107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo77172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces variabilis
denovo77170	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo77171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo171172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo418099	Fungi
denovo379126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo379125	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Stropharia	Strophariaceae
denovo372312	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo474254	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo185672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina incertae sedis
denovo72520	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Bolbitiaceae	Conocybe	Conocybe fuscimarginata
denovo199120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo324919	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo258608	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo340822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo482309	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo46547	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cyphellaceae	Seticyphella	Seticyphella tenuispora
denovo86050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo114763	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo46541	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo86056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo34303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo317628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo397536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo104507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo293050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo101756	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo104502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo16122	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo478939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo353613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo486685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo98969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo357978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo57591	Fungi
denovo156135	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo98963	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo156137	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo359913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo275444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo106905	Fungi
denovo106907	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo294001	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo405395	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo487371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo282058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo60619	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo186802	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo199795	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo195230	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo195238	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo388373	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo486979	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo472992	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo313010	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
denovo50782	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo472994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo476634	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo250296	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae
denovo313018	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo250292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo188404	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo297627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo33426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Orbilia	Orbilia gambelii
denovo471941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo199425	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo115412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo115410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo253927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo256733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo256730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo8600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo11470	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo256739	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo443235	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo452112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo184185	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo373190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo2466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo2461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo466187	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Hyphodermataceae	Hyphoderma	Hyphoderma sibiricum
denovo205892	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo325192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo375927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Coprinellus sclerocystidiosus
denovo297990	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo152252	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Helgardia	Helgardia anguioides
denovo218406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo402029	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo218405	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo181007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo480683	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo273845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo273847	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo175132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae	Gymnostellatospora	Gymnostellatospora japonica
denovo210232	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo210235	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo331714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo331712	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo344130	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo84346	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84343	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo213765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo40889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo314545	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo239540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo471367	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo471361	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo314543	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo103627	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo103626	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo103625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo111733	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo284040	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo41131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo25521	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo407828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo407829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo5602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Microascales
denovo407827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae
denovo41139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo192275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo182500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo286751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo75339	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo160716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo381205	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo478915	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo78581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo3734	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo370420	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo370422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo483385	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo78588	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo370426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo460790	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo167843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Coryneliales	Coryneliaceae	Corynelia	Corynelia africana
denovo65635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo65633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo456092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo345	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo75604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo244496	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo244492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo187761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo444273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo343488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo219443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo219442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Pleosporaceae
denovo113923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo474463	Fungi
denovo219448	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo118046	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo110696	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo33884	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo443564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo430300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo65032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo282832	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo336157	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo282835	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo232518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo336158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo380152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo380151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo276525	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo156968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo380155	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo61799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo122277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo380159	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo122271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo76623	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo426321	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo402951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Clavicipitaceae
denovo368963	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo243612	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo150495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo305904	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo305903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo124302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo124301	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo322329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo308505	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo245726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo208560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo308503	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo281562	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo281564	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo167151	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo141197	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo373430	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo72957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo367494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo373439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Atheliales	Atheliaceae	Amphinema	Amphinema byssoides
denovo302480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo163437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo205799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo260253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo375107	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniomycetes_incertae_sedis	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae
denovo276387	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo271171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo423256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo303688	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Schizothecium	Schizothecium conicum
denovo88364	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo332436	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo332430	Fungi	Chytridiomycota
denovo275874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo157616	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo157615	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo92219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo126191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo491757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo152463	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo337607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo333380	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo458491	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo91409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo496054	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo151720	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo401376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo401372	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo286037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo303530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo286033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo334558	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo374856	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo387312	Fungi
denovo236519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo126229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo370168	Fungi
denovo382793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo370160	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo126224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo370163	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo341241	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Spizellomycetaceae	Spizellomyces
denovo341243	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo496256	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo738	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo34877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo421214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo306338	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo458836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo134674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo134673	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo134671	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo306330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo421216	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastraceae
denovo306335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo67544	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo161871	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo15160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo205428	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo201968	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Microscypha
denovo425365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo201965	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo201964	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo425361	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo425363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo14694	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo454947	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo162794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo339524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo88055	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo490489	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo118862	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales
denovo220452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo87080	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo496053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo420250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo335602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo335603	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Rhizophydiaceae	Rhizophydium
denovo366833	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum virgineum
denovo425092	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo221586	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sebacinales	Sebacinales_group_a
denovo425095	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo227866	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo390704	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo81593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo490159	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophydiomycetes	Rhizophydiales	Protrudomycetaceae	Protrudomyces	Protrudomyces lateralis
denovo490154	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo464196	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo301599	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo310631	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia hungarica
denovo87552	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo139610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo299043	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo139619	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo495504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo135103	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo495500	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Exobasidiomycetes	Microstromatales
denovo305681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo495508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo347409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo235359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo463219	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo440015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo469477	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo469476	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo155857	Fungi
denovo347200	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo261234	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo75239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo229473	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo36116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo229471	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo385267	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo36111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo236074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo216129	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo265370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo421124	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo14342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo19116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo211476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
denovo451663	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo65576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo211478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo61053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo391076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo367015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo350264	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo42309	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo280419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo488304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo485154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo133461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo271925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora
denovo271926	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo271928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo234006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo284520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo234001	Fungi
denovo343798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Lachnum
denovo49567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria triglochinicola
denovo478060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo385887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leptodontidium	Leptodontidium_trabinellum
denovo229293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo229292	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo318823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo18997	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo18994	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Blumeria	Blumeria graminis
denovo226056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo18990	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo24927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo24923	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo78348	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo60906	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo304226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo182122	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Trichoderma harzianum
denovo182121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo308977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo182127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo404930	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo189118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo404934	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Tremellales_incertae_sedis
denovo38514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo414302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma aloes
denovo414307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia	Junewangia_lamma
denovo450531	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo450532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo62500	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Mycosphaerella
denovo15907	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo15904	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo38513	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo457621	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo165927	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo457629	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales
denovo66084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria terricola
denovo4768	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Coleosporiaceae	Chrysomyxa	Chrysomyxa arctostaphyli
denovo95401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo456975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo456978	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo189537	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo267260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo464379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo490872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo9534	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo272368	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo355806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo355807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo355804	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo411879	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo21726	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo94837	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo94830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo16459	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo171995	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo1047	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo21728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo321520	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo158442	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo158446	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo321528	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Monosporascus cannonballus
denovo29269	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo220846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo220843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo413659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo342184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae
denovo317547	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo401901	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo227094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo59394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo199223	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo38781	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyaloscypha	Hyaloscypha leuconica var. bulbopilosa
denovo34404	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo34401	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo9488	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeria berlesei
denovo2665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Beauveria pseudobassiana
denovo376102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo2661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo261079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo51472	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo6713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo59641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Cephalothecaceae
denovo449300	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo449302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo11106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo11104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo66335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo278997	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo66330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo384203	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo217076	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Inocybaceae	Inocybe
denovo213165	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo67068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo47550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo452902	Fungi
denovo330213	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo314385	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo338351	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo247057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo247050	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo143793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo214220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo391824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo370812	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo214224	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo25727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema prunorum
denovo192072	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo219381	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Hygrophoraceae	Hygrocybe	Hygrocybe acutoconica
denovo192076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo474883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo233004	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo264106	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo264109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo474881	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo349173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo53374	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo470561	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo3534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo42914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo27760	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo27761	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo27766	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo27767	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo147956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo324006	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo179505	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo54640	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo296801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Geopora	Pyronemataceae
denovo58111	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo7078	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo168287	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo456023	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo44435	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo184438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo4622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo57592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Stagonospora pseudovitensis
denovo184432	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo184430	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo412011	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo57594	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo57595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo468468	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo244652	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo197518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Gibberella	Gibberella tricincta
denovo153330	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo419798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Mycena
denovo258826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo101251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo240727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo363276	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo66560	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo240722	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo53114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo253769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella
denovo27495	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo442728	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
denovo27492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo53033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo372204	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo168754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo153059	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo153058	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo117005	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Kondoaceae	Bensingtonia	Bensingtonia rectispora
denovo269503	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo170102	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo219139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo170105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina
denovo219134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo219131	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo219132	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo480801	Fungi	Ascomycota	Arthoniomycetes	Arthoniales
denovo390066	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo480809	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo446037	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo4081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo136369	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo315160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo192923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo192920	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo102806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae	Xanthoria	Xanthoria calcicola
denovo142119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo484366	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo142111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo90457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo142115	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo352447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_panacis
denovo293649	Fungi
denovo329315	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo433323	Fungi
denovo150650	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo329316	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo289337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo42291	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo42296	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo289330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo298094	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo298097	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo298096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo395582	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo298092	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo469730	Fungi
denovo395935	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo158877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Tetrapyrgos	Tetrapyrgos subdendrophora
denovo388118	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo241450	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo98489	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo178755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma costaricense
denovo178751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Xenopolyscytalum	Xenopolyscytalum_pinea
denovo178752	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo378198	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo290772	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo55694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo94153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo474911	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo129249	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo1903	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo378192	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Atheliaceae	Piloderma
denovo474918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo378194	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo55699	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo47180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo410327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo410320	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora multipilosa
denovo176629	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo176628	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo451340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo263573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo362631	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
denovo259056	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo259057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Dacryobolus
denovo401867	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo169909	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo169902	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo77709	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo62321	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo375477	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo203810	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo203813	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae	Ceratobasidium
denovo432057	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Hannaella	Hannaella luteola
denovo268295	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo103041	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo371366	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces variabilis
denovo371369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium arthropodii
denovo151529	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
denovo103048	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo107977	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo90811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo296395	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo90819	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo5027	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo107978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo16134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo49969	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo243961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo321649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora
denovo321648	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo110860	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo312247	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo312246	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo92410	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes
denovo128117	Fungi
denovo312243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Pleurophoma
denovo483647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo155181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Venturiaceae
denovo296023	Fungi
denovo296020	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo43458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo380797	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo30775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium
denovo72282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo292736	Fungi
denovo43451	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo43457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo43455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena plumbea
denovo402551	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo402550	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Xylaria arbuscula
denovo101846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo402559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo51866	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo51867	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo195000	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryales	Ustilentylomataceae	Bauerago	Bauerago vuyckii
denovo403606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo403609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo254929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo72751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo200540	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo200546	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo394938	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo49389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo102398	Fungi
denovo435589	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo258013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo49383	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo87	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo43983	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo484512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo157968	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo71485	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo16710	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo16716	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo422306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo429136	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo210379	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo429133	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo334824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo210376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo41586	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo41585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo368674	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo402199	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo83419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo484120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo291559	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo83413	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo492422	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo287273	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdaceae
denovo40189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo487120	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo487125	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo37207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo395802	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo487129	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo345458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo323935	Fungi
denovo153939	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo431773	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo808	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo153930	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo237060	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginomycetidae	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae
denovo281307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo94929	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo79575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo71228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Sydowia	Sydowia polyspora
denovo228920	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo428888	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo71225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo464551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo297816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo355951	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo297818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo445713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo277064	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo184376	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo413357	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo467635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo448684	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo33457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo382966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo37428	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo274502	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo475279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo105551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo283198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo116019	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopeziza	Trichopeziza mollissima
denovo113062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo181637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo366705	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo478429	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo117768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo227412	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo475183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo335888	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo202330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae
denovo85071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo289218	Fungi
denovo149523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo343851	Fungi
denovo328439	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo283226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo320223	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Minutisphaerales	Minutisphaeraceae	Minutisphaera	Minutisphaera japonica
denovo324761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo144176	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo229905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo63303	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo437341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo437342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo323754	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum soppittii
denovo285109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo285108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo414143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales	Microdochium lycopodinum
denovo344497	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo236081	Fungi
denovo470889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo230877	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo280556	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo230871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo230873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo478257	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo408376	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo478255	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo160506	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo408373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo466853	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo381434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo35111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo277088	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo113680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo113682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo408378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo38304	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo128960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo470007	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo493142	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo172330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo461493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo172337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo21825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo34905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo332081	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo267060	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Amphisphaeriaceae
denovo62293	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo111681	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo486966	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo208156	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo372958	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo492389	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporidiobolales	Rhodosporidiobolus colostri
denovo374465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo374464	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo374466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo111353	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo413498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo329453	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Annulohypoxylon	Annulohypoxylon bovei
denovo413493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo329455	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo279730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymosphaeriaceae	Paraconiothyrium
denovo337108	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo235577	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo373961	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo203178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo279736	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo337103	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo281684	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo281685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo281682	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo281683	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo69678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo281681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo242775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetidae	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae
denovo34242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo122406	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo122404	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo108890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Sclerodermataceae	Scleroderma	Scleroderma citrinum
denovo135498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo231053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo342433	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae
denovo135494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo342431	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo135496	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella
denovo135492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo302566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo302561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo352090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo302568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo347286	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo346532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo346530	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo19732	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo93069	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo300279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces
denovo319891	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo319893	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo66538	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo66534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo473065	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo325272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo67665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideales	Aureobasidiaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo93062	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo472336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Rhytismatales	Rhytismataceae
denovo458512	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo458510	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo260045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo115409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo63761	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo307665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo423427	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo387296	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Gs33
denovo334458	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo270610	Fungi
denovo235453	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo15737	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neoascochyta	Neoascochyta exitialis
denovo15730	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Gorgomyces	Gorgomyces honrubiae
denovo350225	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium
denovo264748	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae
denovo428747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo274970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Geoglossomycetes	Geoglossales	Geoglossaceae	Trichoglossum	Trichoglossum hirsutum
denovo384755	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo381989	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo471933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo91232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo346393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo123442	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo131323	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo453697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo123448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Crocicreas
denovo131325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo299948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo236707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo345843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo236703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo345840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo495228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhynchosporium	Rhynchosporium_commune
denovo387126	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo440865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo141313	Fungi
denovo197751	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo193237	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo463393	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo311848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo4941	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo8612	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo228269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo230016	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea gamma
denovo386455	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo230018	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo386450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Didymellaceae
denovo393778	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Phallomycetidae	Geastrales	Geastraceae
denovo8611	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo131495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lasiobelonium	Lasiobelonium lonicerae
denovo131498	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo453527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo460848	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo117399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo164611	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo10527	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo301148	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo14068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo300233	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo255523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo160974	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo14061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo160977	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo160973	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo58052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Lecanorales
denovo422466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo228191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena maurella
denovo228190	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo422463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo306697	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo306696	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo306695	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo306694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo306693	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo407815	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo306690	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo139797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo299363	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Patellariales	Patellariaceae	Banhegyia
denovo484162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo2470	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo331978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo484164	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo132679	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo331973	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo216715	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo2473	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo13386	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraboeremia selaginellae
denovo57831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Tranzscheliella	Tranzscheliella williamsii
denovo216718	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo22485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo22486	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo22487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo469534	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo190760	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo469530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo394207	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo310462	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo225260	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo399632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Alpinaria	Alpinaria rhododendri
denovo211845	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo139865	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo399637	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo139868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo310468	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales
denovo376371	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo385180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo135370	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo436828	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo495714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo135375	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo465798	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo465630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo344827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales
denovo69698	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo289682	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo205882	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo149649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo6937	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo355642	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo289689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo146929	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo257444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo493719	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo440602	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo434557	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo294675	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo61152	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo146921	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo146926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo61154	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo23280	Fungi
denovo23283	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo36302	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo83765	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo428917	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo183443	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo482647	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo55229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo307279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo250499	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo115134	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo12032	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo6101	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo136776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala
denovo12038	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma dimennae
denovo266071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo266076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Articulospora atra
denovo266077	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina
denovo191493	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae
denovo191492	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Acarosporales	Acarosporaceae	Acarospora	Acarospora anomala
denovo185849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo185848	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo482179	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo20399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo17605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo399362	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo29872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo226797	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo29876	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo29878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo488116	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo355307	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo488114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo488112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo326137	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo92259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo40420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo115212	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo321487	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo8090	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo211151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo483551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo11604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo143420	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes
denovo100677	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo489447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Cercophora
denovo292532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo292533	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo108465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hirta
denovo108466	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo341955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Nodulosphaeria	Nodulosphaeria aconiti
denovo24775	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo341956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales
denovo35659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo341950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo55328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo194519	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Lycoperdon ericaeum
denovo35657	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium wieringae
denovo35656	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo240905	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo97158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo319287	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella citrina
denovo214524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo396117	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo177003	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo249889	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo172074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo292282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo330454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo351089	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo429068	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo454253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala bonariae
denovo442510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae
denovo442518	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo247488	Fungi
denovo66275	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo66274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo446601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Urocystidales	Urocystidaceae	Urocystis	Urocystis agropyri
denovo446603	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo40300	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo453987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo108280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo21118	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo10956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Amesia	Amesia atrobrunnea
denovo484909	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo106533	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo279478	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo213753	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo217419	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo342378	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo180524	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo342377	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo342370	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo159508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo188054	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo188051	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo405836	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo106280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo487450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo188059	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella albidolutea
denovo446494	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo491827	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiomycetidae	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae
denovo400451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo491821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo491822	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo169515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo140438	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo491828	Fungi
denovo148221	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo25913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo310850	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo310854	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo152859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo481855	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo412197	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo412198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo376713	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo376717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo57418	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo317085	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo447551	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Phragmocephala	Phragmocephala garethjonesii
denovo152670	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo152680	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo181434	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo3186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Agaricales	Strophariaceae
denovo410975	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo206251	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo180384	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo184606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo428329	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo44661	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo398130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo371948	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo426177	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo94359	Fungi
denovo243485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo360913	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo42980	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo183876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo183874	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae
denovo494477	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo116567	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo263837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo54240	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo263831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo212609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo480109	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo110242	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo79804	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae
denovo97785	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo79807	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo323191	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo37444	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo323193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo217120	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo244591	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo193173	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae
denovo70394	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae
denovo193177	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo244597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo157337	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo398229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo398228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo46281	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo46282	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo240681	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo216830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo240687	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo377045	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo248457	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo324219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo464532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo419169	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo404834	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo254798	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo191180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo105167	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo38399	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo255649	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo316844	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo211198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo126725	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo474031	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo42625	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo310295	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo186601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo177831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo218964	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo218961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola grisea
denovo100634	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo249411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo368859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo441112	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo52130	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Dothioraceae
denovo183127	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo374665	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo183123	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo175543	Fungi	Rozellomycota
denovo175542	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo111110	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo1672	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo150596	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo182839	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo378544	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo378542	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo395262	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo84840	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo203373	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo154685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo395267	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycota_incertae_sedis	Glomeromycetes	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo387426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo399579	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo486775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum abnorme
denovo399571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo399576	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo365759	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo78868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo138228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo368582	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo78863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Scytalidium	Scytalidium circinatum
denovo232279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha acutipila
denovo282358	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo129168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes
denovo213	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo281914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo347132	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo281913	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo411226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo47666	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes
denovo31302	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomidium gallecicum
denovo241220	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo98695	Fungi
denovo241229	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo473260	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae
denovo473267	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo388701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo401104	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo347931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo463613	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Boliniales	Junewangia
denovo246948	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Spizellomycetes	Spizellomycetales	Powellomycetaceae	Powellomyces
denovo33237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Amphinema	Amphinema byssoides
denovo33239	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo33238	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo246941	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo246942	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo35614	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo449490	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo370437	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus
denovo163869	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Thelebolaceae	Thelebolus	Thelebolus globosus
denovo268553	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia
denovo175336	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo372622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo379633	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo3707	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo251015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo254067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo373973	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo373970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo373976	Fungi
denovo250769	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo211637	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo91788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo19439	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo40575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae
denovo40576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo77514	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo283408	Fungi
denovo283409	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo432624	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales
denovo234360	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo473886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Candelariales	Candelariaceae	Lecanorales	Lecanoraceae
denovo473884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo283406	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales	Extremaceae	Extremus	Extremus antarcticus
denovo50036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo259576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo159978	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae
denovo361277	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo155226	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Arrhenia	Arrhenia acerosa
denovo54791	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo83595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo152948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo221173	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo83590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo152944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo333807	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo152947	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo221178	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo7518	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo99273	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo372085	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo66843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea
denovo401811	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Onygenales	Malbranchea	Malbranchea_cinnamomea
denovo429584	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo361181	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo254680	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea zeta
denovo401818	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Paraboeremia selaginellae
denovo361186	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo462931	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo462930	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae
denovo258191	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae
denovo96788	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Chaetosphaeriales	Chaetosphaeriaceae	Thozetella
denovo37075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sordariomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo37071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Infundichalara
denovo112441	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo471656	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo112440	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo256688	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo70892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo256685	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cantharellales	Ceratobasidiaceae
denovo41622	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo258228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo335256	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo335250	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo422114	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula araucariae
denovo256354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo422111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo364937	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo209877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo209876	Fungi
denovo330572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo87905	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Glarea
denovo31892	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo31890	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo111960	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo465452	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo287401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo265890	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gomphales	Gomphaceae	Ramaria
denovo85504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetaceae
denovo145104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo284171	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo460397	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo61390	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Pseudotomentella	Pseudotomentella nigra
denovo482691	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo380255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Chaetothyriales
denovo438662	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo229002	Fungi	Ascomycota	Lecanoromycetes	Teloschistales	Teloschistaceae	Caloplaca	Caloplaca chalybaea
denovo438667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo161579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo33799	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo161576	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo161573	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo161572	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo161571	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo430412	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo129956	Fungi
denovo329955	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo325605	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo129959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo408044	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Phoma multirostrata
denovo93178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo205713	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Oliveonia	Oliveonia_pauxilla
denovo415424	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo415422	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo266274	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo289180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo36674	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo219451	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo36670	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo36678	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo475020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo219454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes_incertae_sedis	Polyporales	Fomitopsidaceae
denovo8895	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo308214	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Crocicreas
denovo118178	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo470219	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo207084	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo227664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo65259	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo227665	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Dothidea	Dothidea insculpta
denovo465487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo236167	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo276306	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo286441	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo227666	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo236162	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo387703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo24570	Fungi
denovo227667	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Russulales	Peniophoraceae
denovo236168	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Calyptella	Calyptella capula
denovo30856	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Galerina	Galerina pumila
denovo78472	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo74792	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo74791	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo78476	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo202105	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo277322	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo78475	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo436712	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo328600	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo39533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207100	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Devriesia
denovo207554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo207555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Endoconidioma populi
denovo271441	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Rhizophlyctidomycetes	Rhizophlyctidales	Sonoraphlyctidaceae	Sonoraphlyctis
denovo224316	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo465874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Deconica	Deconica phyllogena
denovo453970	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo453972	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo407193	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo381664	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo413863	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo123967	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo474776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo319914	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo319915	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolales_incertae_sedis
denovo319916	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo276140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Diplocarpon	Diplocarpon mespili
denovo319910	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo493991	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo66478	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo473747	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo10098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo54308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo222010	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo374349	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowiaceae
denovo459561	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo382064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo267630	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora
denovo347093	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo354401	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo272790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Elasticomyces	Elasticomyces elasticus
denovo272796	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo163325	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo70593	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo260943	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hysterangiales	Hysterangiaceae	Hysterangium	Hysterangium separabile
denovo163328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo165447	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo453228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiaceae	Alatospora
denovo162490	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo66708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo183265	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma dysthales
denovo165448	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo209013	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo394826	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo108917	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo357053	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo108911	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo108912	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo209014	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo96049	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo272860	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo413280	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo338146	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae	Diversisporales	Acaulosporaceae
denovo338147	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo333497	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo333491	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo422946	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo69882	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo422948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Trichopezizella
denovo380531	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo225198	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo162141	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo278236	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo162145	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo225196	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo220341	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo96595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo231244	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo342607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo96591	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo492645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo342602	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Tricholomataceae
denovo21052	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo57659	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo282845	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo124727	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo487061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo260369	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo491595	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo260365	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Clavicipitaceae	Epichloe	Epichloe amarillans
denovo373458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo467114	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo491590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo491592	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo341553	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo468063	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo174940	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo50153	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo174945	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporaceae	Comoclathris	Comoclathris sedi
denovo50151	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo407763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo407765	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo340604	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe columnaris
denovo136158	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo340608	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo495036	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo145015	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales
denovo9831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo452572	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo452575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo13959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo13950	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo13951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo13957	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo13954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo416504	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo449887	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo449884	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo449885	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo449883	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Pleosporaceae
denovo449880	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo449881	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo252685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum soppittii
denovo213829	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo261705	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Archaeosporomycetes	Archaeosporales	Glomeromycetes_incertae_sedis	Archaeosporales	Archaeospora trappei
denovo104067	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo213820	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo193374	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo97192	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Rhytismatales	Fulvoflamma	Fulvoflamma_eucalypti
denovo395105	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo468588	Fungi
denovo59532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo350057	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo273756	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo425701	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo425700	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo265469	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariomycetidae_incertae_sedis	Magnaporthaceae
denovo398028	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo384540	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo14456	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo265461	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora_vesiculosa
denovo265463	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena albidoaquosa
denovo13482	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Cortinariaceae	Cortinarius
denovo286855	Fungi
denovo390237	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo191189	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Pleosporales_incertae_sedis
denovo134749	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo131511	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo390230	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo490643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Dermateaceae
denovo134744	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo134745	Fungi
denovo354777	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo354775	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo26918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo288451	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo26914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo100580	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Septoglomus
denovo100585	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo141121	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo255481	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena polygramma
denovo255480	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium
denovo255485	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo399831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo27061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae
denovo398793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo133911	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena rebaudengoi
denovo348189	Fungi
denovo398794	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia
denovo389671	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo133918	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo389673	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo348183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo389677	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo229676	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo415853	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo125933	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo492954	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Xenasmatella	Xenasmatella vaga
denovo23271	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo441873	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo441872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo441871	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo132354	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo197271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo495969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Cadophora
denovo438595	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena alba
denovo461857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo45079	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo300008	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales
denovo13227	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Cryptococcus
denovo418362	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo318277	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena laevigata
denovo318274	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycenella	Mycenella trachyspora
denovo171465	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo399776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia
denovo386694	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo470763	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo263702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo198925	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo95207	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo403184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo114450	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Thelebolales	Pseudeurotiaceae
denovo365512	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo114454	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales
denovo86502	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo365515	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo198928	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales
denovo216507	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo318184	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Meliniomyces	Meliniomyces bicolor
denovo216508	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo168421	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Tumularia
denovo168426	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo101061	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo456689	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo109270	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo249258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
denovo229769	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo191840	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo191846	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha
denovo327457	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo482384	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricostilbomycetes	Agaricostilbales	Chionosphaeraceae	Kurtzmanomyces	Chionosphaeraceae
denovo49510	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo482382	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo352340	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Tubulicrinaceae	Tubulicrinis	Tubulicrinis borealis
denovo39272	Fungi	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales
denovo325172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium subglaciale
denovo482389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo411411	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo171286	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo171281	Fungi	Chytridiomycota	Lobulomycetes	Lobulomycetales	Lobulomycetaceae	Alogomyces	Alogomyces tanneri
denovo109188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo333536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo440474	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo136632	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo294006	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales
denovo493524	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmiaceae
denovo321859	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius rotalis
denovo305826	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo177708	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo36539	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo52449	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo319584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Helotiales
denovo455086	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo36536	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo177706	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Serendipitaceae	Serendipita
denovo291746	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lemonniera
denovo405311	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo440568	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo405314	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo56389	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo326498	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo186886	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo378831	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo215084	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Holtermanniales	Holtermanniella	Holtermanniella_takashimae
denovo378838	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo199717	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo245731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo54849	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo449111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Heterosphaeria	Heterosphaeria patella
denovo319635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Vishniacozyma	Vishniacozyma heimaeyensis
denovo222851	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo440563	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena flavoalba
denovo200333	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Mrakiaceae	Udeniomyces	Udeniomyces kanasensis
denovo455336	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo251560	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes
denovo464033	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo17831	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo200338	Fungi	Mortierellomycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierellaceae
denovo74978	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Heterocephalacria
denovo404837	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo112859	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo71071	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo51364	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo71074	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Rhexocercosporidium	Rhexocercosporidium_carotae
denovo201064	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apodus	Apodus deciduus
denovo47276	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo115495	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales
denovo445564	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo47271	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Albotricha	Albotricha albotestacea
denovo218331	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo158575	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo449416	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae
denovo218335	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo8685	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo388269	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo107050	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo210101	Fungi
denovo107054	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo249922	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo210104	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo137581	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae	Hydropunctaria	Hydropunctaria maura
denovo108636	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo105741	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Lentitheciaceae	Darksidea	Darksidea epsilon
denovo61532	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo295844	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo247566	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo268162	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo312948	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
denovo290830	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora magnispora
denovo312946	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo312944	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Hyalopeziza	Hyalopeziza nectrioidea
denovo25032	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo316258	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces
denovo396328	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo316255	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo189539	Fungi	Zygomycota	Mucoromycotina	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mucoromycotina_incertae_sedis	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae
denovo189538	Fungi	Basidiomycota
denovo292096	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Epichloe amarillans
denovo292093	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo141954	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Helotiales	Helotiaceae
denovo2175	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo9485	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Geastrales	Geastraceae	Geastrum	Geastraceae
denovo141959	Fungi
denovo9487	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena cinerella
denovo9481	Fungi
denovo2172	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae
denovo3220	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo370933	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo370931	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae	Erysiphales	Erysiphaceae
denovo406152	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales	Hydnodontaceae
denovo296578	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo397735	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo256111	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo324533	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo283098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Metschnikowia	Metschnikowia reukaufii
denovo206599	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycotina	Microbotryomycetes	Microbotryomycetes_incertae_sedis
denovo256119	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo124606	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Chalara
denovo112143	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo213926	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes
denovo446034	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo184101	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo184106	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo360033	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo213458	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo273229	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo273228	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena
denovo83019	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo273226	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo210816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo101843	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Pseudophialophora	Pseudophialophora eragrostis
denovo101842	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo117532	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycenaceae
denovo117530	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo2793	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma politum
denovo481958	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo481959	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus	Claroideoglomus claroideum
denovo106090	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo140603	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo85076	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Verrucariales	Verrucariaceae	Heteroplacidium	Heteroplacidium compactum
denovo343403	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo212414	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleraceae	Genolevuria	Genolevuria armeniaca
denovo343409	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales
denovo4790	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma
denovo375110	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycena adonis var. adonis
denovo146731	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo33806	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Septoriella	Septoriella hubertusii
denovo33800	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo376523	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae
denovo26075	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo445303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo33809	Fungi	Entomophthoromycota	Basidiobolomycetes	Basidiobolales
denovo444768	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo244147	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo6330	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo244143	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycotina	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Ustilaginomycotina_incertae_sedis	Malasseziales	Malasseziales_incertae_sedis
denovo244140	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo14615	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Marasmius	Marasmius somalomoensis
denovo393793	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo444765	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricaceae	Lepiota	Lepiota cristata
denovo41868	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Myrothecium
denovo245232	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo22702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo41863	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo167221	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Xylariomycetidae	Xylariales
denovo41864	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Paraphoma	Paraphoma fimeti
denovo245239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Byssosphaeria	Byssosphaeria musae
denovo41866	Fungi
denovo259359	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo110165	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo127649	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae
denovo184816	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola padellana
denovo110161	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo373344	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae	Thelephorales	Thelephoraceae
denovo373346	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo373341	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo127645	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis	Pezizomycotina_incertae_sedis
denovo475559	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Neotyphodium asiegelii
denovo202746	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo47018	Fungi	Olpidiomycota	Olpidiomycetes	Olpidiales
denovo114841	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo336225	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo78279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo73020	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo19960	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo73022	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo53454	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Chaetothyriaceae
denovo421951	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Dothideales	Hormonema macrosporum
denovo19969	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Solenopezia	Solenopezia solenia
denovo421959	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo477950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Omphalotaceae	Gymnopus	Gymnopus micromphaleoides
denovo319184	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria falcata
denovo477956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo477959	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo351080	Fungi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae
denovo107875	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo351087	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Capnodiales
denovo444188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo423243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
denovo322635	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Resupinatus
denovo289828	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo150141	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo232590	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo353823	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo232592	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetes_incertae_sedis	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae
denovo289825	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo289822	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodosporidiobolus	Rhodosporidiobolus colostri
denovo289821	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo151233	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo328975	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo383731	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Tranzscheliella	Tranzscheliella williamsii
denovo473185	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo473182	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo367877	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo351555	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo387427	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo374583	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Tephrocybe anthracophila
denovo494702	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum asiaticum
denovo427079	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo126113	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavulinopsis	Clavulinopsis laeticolor
denovo326824	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Leptosphaeriaceae
denovo370692	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Juncaceicola	Juncaceicola alpina
denovo326823	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales
denovo121728	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum	Lachnum pygmaeum
denovo240342	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo240347	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Pyronemataceae	Trichophaea
denovo290068	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Cantharellales	Tulasnellaceae
denovo470987	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo400355	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo459168	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Tetracladium
denovo242279	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Ustilago	Ustilaginaceae
denovo7414	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo56139	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleomassariaceae	Prosthemium	Prosthemium stellare
denovo254183	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo254180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales
denovo146607	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo446857	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Slopeiomyces	Slopeiomyces cylindrosporus
denovo43160	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo254188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina
denovo472583	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Glomeraceae	Glomerales	Glomeraceae
denovo138584	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes
denovo232337	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales
denovo205714	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Helotiales_incertae_sedis
denovo77239	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo375180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo256968	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo77235	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetes	Xylariaceae	Anthostomella	Anthostomella leucospermi
denovo379400	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo251605	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo347874	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo347876	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales
denovo491747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Hymenoscyphus
denovo43299	Fungi	Glomeromycota	Glomeromycetes	Glomerales	Claroideoglomeraceae	Claroideoglomus
denovo4641	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Parastagonospora avenae
denovo420701	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo420702	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Mycena	Mycena cinerella
denovo420703	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Camarographium	Camarographium_koreanum
denovo347878	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Sordariomycetidae	Sordariales
denovo428579	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo413519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes
denovo333308	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo433747	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lindgomycetaceae	Clohesyomyces	Clohesyomyces aquaticus
denovo333303	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnellula	Lachnellula calyciformis
denovo154340	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella
denovo31519	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Leotiomycetes	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo97098	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea
denovo78521	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Bulleribasidiaceae	Dioszegia	Dioszegia rishiriensis
denovo462872	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo156279	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Hansfordia	Hansfordia_pulvinata
denovo435743	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Helotiales
denovo30643	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales
denovo438597	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae
denovo452776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes
denovo479112	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariales
denovo37914	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Sordariomycetes	Lasiosphaeriaceae
denovo120188	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes
denovo120187	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae
denovo120181	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo120180	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae
denovo120183	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Tubaria	Tubaria minima
denovo371250	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo371253	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae
denovo162305	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo164228	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Hysteriales
denovo417927	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Glarea	Glarea lozoyensis
denovo417923	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo301516	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo43830	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales
denovo361554	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo305601	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo305604	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Steccherinaceae	Junghuhnia	Junghuhnia pseudozilingiana
denovo305609	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporomycetidae	Pleosporales	Septoriella hirta
denovo428395	Fungi	Ascomycota
denovo428393	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales
denovo393970	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Chaetosphaeronema
denovo71536	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Dacrymycetes	Dacrymycetales	Dacrymycetaceae	Dacrymyces	Dacrymyces minutus
denovo328025	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Xenasmataceae	Phlebiella
denovo14610	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosphaerella
denovo429624	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Trechisporales
denovo110956	Fungi	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales
denovo110950	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae
denovo364014	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Porotheleaceae	Porotheleum
denovo296961	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo89360	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo13327	Fungi	Ascomycota	Pezizomycotina	Dothideomycetes	Dothideomycetidae	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae
denovo189757	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales
denovo274216	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo439071	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Tremellomycetes	Tremellomycetidae	Tremellales	Tremellaceae
denovo346834	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycotina	Agaricomycetes	Agaricomycetidae	Atheliales	Atheliaceae
denovo22218	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreomycetidae	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae
denovo346839	Fungi
denovo431243	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Lachnum
denovo431240	Fungi	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta
denovo327537	Fungi	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Agaricomycetidae	Agaricales	Mycenaceae
denovo237776	Fungi	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Leotiomycetidae	Helotiales
